environment	lineage	kingdom
glacier	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota family;g__Aciduliprofundum;s__unclassified Aciduliprofundum species	Archaea
glacier	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanomicrobiales;f__Methanoregulaceae;g__unclassified Methanoregulaceae genus;s__unclassified Methanoregulaceae species	Archaea
glacier	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__Methanosarcinaceae;g__Methanosarcina;s__unclassified Methanosarcina species	Archaea
glacier	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Sulfolobales;f__Sulfolobaceae;g__Metallosphaera;s__Metallosphaera prunae	Archaea
glacier	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Sulfolobales;f__Sulfolobaceae;g__Sulfolobus;s__unclassified Sulfolobus species	Archaea
glacier	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Thermoproteales;f__Thermoproteaceae;g__unclassified Thermoproteaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermoproteaceae species	Archaea
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Abditibacteriota;c__Abditibacteriia;o__Abditibacteriales;f__Abitibacteriaceae;g__unclassified Abitibacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Abitibacteriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Blastocatellia;o__Blastocatellales;f__unclassified Blastocatellales family;g__unclassified Blastocatellales genus;s__unclassified Blastocatellales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Blastocatellia;o__unclassified Blastocatellia order;f__unclassified Blastocatellia family;g__Chloracidobacterium;s__unclassified Chloracidobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Holophagae;o__Holophagales;f__unclassified Holophagales family;g__unclassified Holophagales genus;s__unclassified Holophagales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Bryobacterales;f__Solibacteraceae;g__unclassified Solibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Solibacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Granulicella;s__unclassified Granulicella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Terriglobus;s__unclassified Terriglobus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Acidobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Acidobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Acidimicrobiaceae;g__Acidimicrobium;s__unclassified Acidimicrobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Acidimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Iamiaceae;g__unclassified Iamiaceae genus;s__unclassified Iamiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Ilumatobacteraceae;g__Ilumatobacter;s__unclassified Ilumatobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Ilumatobacteraceae;g__unclassified Ilumatobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Ilumatobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Microthrixaceae;g__Candidatus Microthrix;s__unclassified Candidatus Microthrix species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Microthrixaceae;g__unclassified Microthrixaceae genus;s__unclassified Microthrixaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__unclassified Acidimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__unclassified Acidimicrobiia order;f__unclassified Acidimicrobiia family;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiia genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae;g__Candidatus Planktophila;s__unclassified Candidatus Planktophila species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Frankiales;f__Frankiaceae;g__unclassified Frankiaceae genus;s__unclassified Frankiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Geodermatophilales;f__Geodermatophilaceae;g__Modestobacter;s__unclassified Modestobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Kineosporiales;f__Kineosporiaceae;g__unclassified Kineosporiaceae genus;s__unclassified Kineosporiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__Brevibacterium casei	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__unclassified Brevibacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Actinotalea;s__unclassified Actinotalea species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Janibacter;s__unclassified Janibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Knoellia;s__unclassified Knoellia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Phycicoccus;s__unclassified Phycicoccus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Clavibacter;s__unclassified Clavibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Cryobacterium;s__unclassified Cryobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Curtobacterium;s__unclassified Curtobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Glaciihabitans;s__unclassified Glaciihabitans species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Homoserinimonas;s__unclassified Homoserinimonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__Microbacterium enclense	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__Microbacterium foliorum	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__Microbacterium oxydans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__Microbacterium testaceum	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__unclassified Microbacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Salinibacterium;s__unclassified Salinibacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Schumannella;s__unclassified Schumannella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__unclassified Microbacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Microbacteriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Arthrobacter;s__Arthrobacter ruber	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Arthrobacter;s__unclassified Arthrobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria salina	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Micrococcus;s__Micrococcus luteus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Micrococcus;s__unclassified Micrococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Paenarthrobacter;s__unclassified Paenarthrobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Pseudarthrobacter;s__unclassified Pseudarthrobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__unclassified Micrococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Micrococcaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Ruaniaceae;g__unclassified Ruaniaceae genus;s__unclassified Ruaniaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Sanguibacteraceae;g__Sanguibacter;s__unclassified Sanguibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__unclassified Micrococcales family;g__unclassified Micrococcales genus;s__unclassified Micrococcales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__unclassified Corynebacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__Rhodococcus qingshengii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__unclassified Rhodococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Aeromicrobium;s__unclassified Aeromicrobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Marmoricola;s__unclassified Marmoricola species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Nocardioides;s__unclassified Nocardioides species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__unclassified Nocardioidaceae genus;s__unclassified Nocardioidaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Cutibacterium;s__Cutibacterium acnes	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Pseudonocardiales;f__Pseudonocardiaceae;g__unclassified Pseudonocardiaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudonocardiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__unclassified Actinomycetes order;f__unclassified Actinomycetes family;g__unclassified Actinomycetes genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetes species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Rubrobacteria;o__Gaiellales;f__unclassified Gaiellales family;g__unclassified Gaiellales genus;s__unclassified Gaiellales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Solirubrobacterales;f__Conexibacteraceae;g__Conexibacter;s__unclassified Conexibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Solirubrobacterales;f__Conexibacteraceae;g__unclassified Conexibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Conexibacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__Aquificales;f__Aquificaceae;g__Hydrogenobacter;s__unclassified Hydrogenobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Armatimonadota;c__Chthonomonadetes;o__Chthonomonadales;f__Chthonomonadaceae;g__unclassified Chthonomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Chthonomonadaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Armatimonadota;c__Chthonomonadetes;o__Chthonomonadales;f__unclassified Chthonomonadales family;g__unclassified Chthonomonadales genus;s__unclassified Chthonomonadales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus albus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus anthracis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus cereus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus luti	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus mobilis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus paranthracis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus pumilus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus stratosphericus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus subtilis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Parageobacillus;s__Parageobacillus yumthangensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__unclassified Bacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacillaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Brevibacillus;s__Brevibacillus nitrificans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__unclassified Paenibacillus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__Paenisporosarcina;s__unclassified Paenisporosarcina species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__Planococcus;s__unclassified Planococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus epidermidis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus equorum	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__unclassified Staphylococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__unclassified Bacillales family;g__Exiguobacterium;s__Exiguobacterium undae	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__unclassified Bacillales family;g__Exiguobacterium;s__unclassified Exiguobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Aerococcaceae;g__Aerococcus;s__Aerococcus viridans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__Carnobacterium;s__Carnobacterium maltaromaticum	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Enterococcus;s__Enterococcus faecium	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Vagococcus;s__Vagococcus salmoninarum	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus pneumoniae	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__unclassified Lactobacillales family;g__unclassified Lactobacillales genus;s__unclassified Lactobacillales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Christensenellaceae;g__Christensenella;s__unclassified Christensenella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__unclassified Clostridiaceae genus;s__unclassified Clostridiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Mageeibacillus;s__unclassified Mageeibacillus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Syntrophomonadaceae;g__Syntrophomonas;s__unclassified Syntrophomonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__unclassified Eubacteriales genus;s__unclassified Eubacteriales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__unclassified Selenomonadales family;g__unclassified Selenomonadales genus;s__unclassified Selenomonadales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__unclassified Veillonellaceae genus;s__unclassified Veillonellaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Lentimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Lentimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Lentimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Odoribacter;s__unclassified Odoribacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Paludibacteraceae;g__Paludibacter;s__unclassified Paludibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__unclassified Prevotellaceae genus;s__unclassified Prevotellaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__unclassified Bacteroidales family;g__unclassified Bacteroidales genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Ferruginibacter;s__unclassified Ferruginibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Flavipsychrobacter;s__unclassified Flavipsychrobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__unclassified Chitinophagaceae genus;s__unclassified Chitinophagaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cyclobacteriaceae;g__Cyclobacterium;s__unclassified Cyclobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cytophagaceae;g__Cytophaga;s__unclassified Cytophaga species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cytophagaceae;g__unclassified Cytophagaceae genus;s__unclassified Cytophagaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Flexibacteraceae;g__unclassified Flexibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Flexibacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Hymenobacteraceae;g__Hymenobacter;s__unclassified Hymenobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Roseivirgaceae;g__unclassified Roseivirgaceae genus;s__unclassified Roseivirgaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__unclassified Cytophagales family;g__unclassified Cytophagales genus;s__unclassified Cytophagales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__Flavobacterium frigidimaris	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__unclassified Flavobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__unclassified Flavobacteriales family;g__unclassified Flavobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Chryseobacterium;s__unclassified Chryseobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Saprospiria;o__Saprospirales;f__Lewinellaceae;g__unclassified Lewinellaceae genus;s__unclassified Lewinellaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Arcticibacter;s__unclassified Arcticibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Mucilaginibacter;s__unclassified Mucilaginibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Pedobacter;s__unclassified Pedobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Pseudopedobacter;s__unclassified Pseudopedobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Sphingobacterium;s__unclassified Sphingobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Sphingobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Sphingobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__unclassified Sphingobacteriales family;g__unclassified Sphingobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Sphingobacteriales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__unclassified Balneolia order;f__unclassified Balneolia family;g__unclassified Balneolia genus;s__unclassified Balneolia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bacteriovoracia;o__Bacteriovoracales;f__Bacteriovoracaceae;g__unclassified Bacteriovoracaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacteriovoracaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__Bdellovibrio;s__unclassified Bdellovibrio species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__Micavibrio;s__unclassified Micavibrio species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__unclassified Pseudobdellovibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudobdellovibrionaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Oligoflexia;o__Oligoflexales;f__Pseudobacteriovoracaceae;g__unclassified Pseudobacteriovoracaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudobacteriovoracaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Cryosericota;c__Candidatus Cryosericia;o__Candidatus Cryosericales;f__Candidatus Cryosericaceae;g__Candidatus Cryosericum;s__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericum species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Eremiobacterota;c__Candidatus Eremiobacteriia;o__unclassified Candidatus Eremiobacteriia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Eremiobacteriia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Eremiobacteriia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Eremiobacteriia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__Anaerolineaceae;g__unclassified Anaerolineaceae genus;s__unclassified Anaerolineaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Chloroflexia;o__Chloroflexales;f__Oscillochloridaceae;g__unclassified Oscillochloridaceae genus;s__unclassified Oscillochloridaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Chloroflexia;o__Chloroflexales;f__unclassified Chloroflexales family;g__unclassified Chloroflexales genus;s__unclassified Chloroflexales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Chloroflexia;o__unclassified Chloroflexia order;f__unclassified Chloroflexia family;g__unclassified Chloroflexia genus;s__unclassified Chloroflexia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Chroococcales;f__Entophysalidaceae;g__Chlorogloea;s__unclassified Chlorogloea species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Nostocales;f__Calotrichaceae;g__Calothrix;s__unclassified Calothrix species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Nostocales;f__Nostocaceae;g__Desmonostoc;s__unclassified Desmonostoc species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Microcoleaceae;g__Tychonema;s__unclassified Tychonema species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Microcoleaceae;g__unclassified Microcoleaceae genus;s__unclassified Microcoleaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__Leptolyngbya;s__unclassified Leptolyngbya species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__Phormidesmis;s__Phormidesmis priestleyi	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__Phormidesmis;s__unclassified Phormidesmis species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__unclassified Leptolyngbyaceae genus;s__unclassified Leptolyngbyaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Oculatellaceae;g__unclassified Oculatellaceae genus;s__unclassified Oculatellaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Pseudanabaenaceae;g__Pseudanabaena;s__unclassified Pseudanabaena species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Pseudanabaenaceae;g__unclassified Pseudanabaenaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudanabaenaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Synechococcales;f__Merismopediaceae;g__unclassified Merismopediaceae genus;s__unclassified Merismopediaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Synechococcales;f__Synechococcaceae;g__Synechococcus;s__unclassified Synechococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Deinococcales;f__Deinococcaceae;g__Deinococcus;s__unclassified Deinococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Deinococcales;f__Deinococcaceae;g__unclassified Deinococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Deinococcaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Thermales;f__unclassified Thermales family;g__unclassified Thermales genus;s__unclassified Thermales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__Elusimicrobiales;f__Elusimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Elusimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Elusimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__Elusimicrobiales;f__unclassified Elusimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Elusimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Elusimicrobiales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Fibrobacteria;o__Fibrobacterales;f__Fibrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Fibrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Fibrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Fibrobacteria;o__unclassified Fibrobacteria order;f__unclassified Fibrobacteria family;g__unclassified Fibrobacteria genus;s__unclassified Fibrobacteria species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__Gemmatimonadaceae;g__Gemmatimonas;s__unclassified Gemmatimonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__Gemmatimonadaceae;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__unclassified Gemmatimonadales family;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadales genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Archangiaceae;g__Archangium;s__unclassified Archangium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Archangiaceae;g__Vitiosangium;s__unclassified Vitiosangium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Myxococcaceae;g__Myxococcus;s__unclassified Myxococcus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Myxococcaceae;g__unclassified Myxococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Myxococcaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__unclassified Myxococcales family;g__unclassified Myxococcales genus;s__unclassified Myxococcales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__unclassified Myxococcota class;o__Haliangiales;f__Kofleriaceae;g__unclassified Kofleriaceae genus;s__unclassified Kofleriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__unclassified Myxococcota class;o__Nannocystales;f__Nannocystaceae;g__Nannocystis;s__unclassified Nannocystis species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__unclassified Myxococcota class;o__Polyangiales;f__Polyangiaceae;g__unclassified Polyangiaceae genus;s__unclassified Polyangiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__Phycisphaerales;f__Phycisphaeraceae;g__Phycisphaera;s__unclassified Phycisphaera species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__Phycisphaerales;f__Phycisphaeraceae;g__unclassified Phycisphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Phycisphaeraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__unclassified Phycisphaerae order;f__unclassified Phycisphaerae family;g__unclassified Phycisphaerae genus;s__unclassified Phycisphaerae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Gemmatales;f__Gemmataceae;g__unclassified Gemmataceae genus;s__unclassified Gemmataceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Isosphaerales;f__Isosphaeraceae;g__unclassified Isosphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Isosphaeraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__Planctomycetaceae;g__Planctomyces;s__unclassified Planctomyces species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__Planctomycetaceae;g__unclassified Planctomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__unclassified Planctomycetales family;g__unclassified Planctomycetales genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas bullata	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas mediterranea	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas subvibrioides	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas vancanneytii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Caulobacter;s__unclassified Caulobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__unclassified Caulobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Caulobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Holosporales;f__Candidatus Paracaedibacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Paracaedibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Paracaedibacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Boseaceae;g__Bosea;s__unclassified Bosea species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Devosiaceae;g__Devosia;s__unclassified Devosia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Methylobacterium;s__unclassified Methylobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Methylorubrum;s__Methylorubrum extorquens	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Methylobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Afipia;s__Afipia broomeae	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Afipia;s__Afipia felis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Bradyrhizobium;s__unclassified Bradyrhizobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Phyllobacteriaceae;g__Mesorhizobium;s__unclassified Mesorhizobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Phyllobacteriaceae;g__Phyllobacterium;s__unclassified Phyllobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Pararhizobium;s__unclassified Pararhizobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Rhizobium;s__Rhizobium pusense	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Rhizobium;s__unclassified Rhizobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__unclassified Rhizobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhizobiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales family;g__Enhydrobacter;s__unclassified Enhydrobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomonadales;f__Hyphomonadaceae;g__unclassified Hyphomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Hyphomonadaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Paracoccus;s__unclassified Paracoccus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Rhodobacter;s__unclassified Rhodobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Tabrizicola;s__unclassified Tabrizicola species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__unclassified Roseobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Roseobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__unclassified Acetobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Acetobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Blastomonas;s__unclassified Blastomonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Novosphingobium;s__unclassified Novosphingobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingobium;s__unclassified Sphingobium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingomonas;s__Sphingomonas echinoides	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingomonas;s__Sphingomonas taxi	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingomonas;s__unclassified Sphingomonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingopyxis;s__unclassified Sphingopyxis species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingorhabdus;s__unclassified Sphingorhabdus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingosinithalassobacter;s__unclassified Sphingosinithalassobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__unclassified Sphingomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Sphingomonadaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingosinicellaceae;g__Polymorphobacter;s__unclassified Polymorphobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingosinicellaceae;g__Sandaracinobacter;s__unclassified Sandaracinobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Paraburkholderia;s__Paraburkholderia fungorum	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Polynucleobacter;s__unclassified Polynucleobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Ralstonia;s__unclassified Ralstonia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__unclassified Burkholderiaceae genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Acidovorax;s__Acidovorax wautersii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Acidovorax;s__unclassified Acidovorax species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Comamonas;s__Comamonas terrigena	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Comamonas;s__unclassified Comamonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Delftia;s__Delftia acidovorans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Delftia;s__Delftia tsuruhatensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Hydrogenophaga;s__unclassified Hydrogenophaga species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Pelomonas;s__unclassified Pelomonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Polaromonas;s__unclassified Polaromonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Ramlibacter;s__unclassified Ramlibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Rhodoferax;s__unclassified Rhodoferax species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Variovorax;s__unclassified Variovorax species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Duganella;s__unclassified Duganella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Herminiimonas;s__unclassified Herminiimonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Janthinobacterium;s__unclassified Janthinobacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Massilia;s__unclassified Massilia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sphaerotilaceae;g__Rubrivivax;s__unclassified Rubrivivax species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Aquabacterium;s__unclassified Aquabacterium species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Paucibacter;s__unclassified Paucibacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Rhizobacter;s__unclassified Rhizobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__unclassified Burkholderiales genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Xylophilus;s__unclassified Xylophilus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Kingella;s__Kingella denitrificans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria sicca	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Prolinoborus;s__Prolinoborus fasciculus	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__Methylobacillus;s__unclassified Methylobacillus species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__Methylotenera;s__unclassified Methylotenera species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__unclassified Methylophilaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylophilaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Sulfuricellaceae;g__Sulfuriferula;s__unclassified Sulfuriferula species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas translucida	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Porticoccaceae;g__unclassified Porticoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Porticoccaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Citrobacter;s__Citrobacter freundii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Enterobacter;s__unclassified Enterobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Leclercia;s__Leclercia adecarboxylata	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Pantoea;s__Pantoea agglomerans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Morganellaceae;g__Morganella;s__Morganella psychrotolerans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Morganellaceae;g__Providencia;s__unclassified Providencia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Yersiniaceae;g__Rouxiella;s__unclassified Rouxiella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Legionellaceae;g__Legionella;s__unclassified Legionella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Legionellaceae;g__unclassified Legionellaceae genus;s__unclassified Legionellaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter johnsonii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter lwoffii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter pittii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__unclassified Acinetobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Amnimonas;s__unclassified Amnimonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Moraxella;s__Moraxella osloensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Psychrobacter;s__Psychrobacter alimentarius	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__unclassified Moraxellaceae genus;s__unclassified Moraxellaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Nevskiales;f__Sinobacteraceae;g__Nevskia;s__unclassified Nevskia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas canadensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas fluorescens	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas lactis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas lundensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas massiliensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas peli	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas putida	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas reactans	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas rhodesiae	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas veronii	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas versuta	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas weihenstephanensis	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__unclassified Pseudomonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Vibrionales;f__Vibrionaceae;g__Vibrio;s__unclassified Vibrio species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Rhodanobacteraceae;g__Dokdonella;s__unclassified Dokdonella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Rhodanobacteraceae;g__unclassified Rhodanobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodanobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Lysobacter;s__unclassified Lysobacter species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__Stenotrophomonas bentonitica	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__unclassified Xanthomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Xanthomonadaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Xanthomonas;s__unclassified Xanthomonas species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Xanthomonas;s__Xanthomonas fragariae	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__unclassified Spirochaetia order;f__unclassified Spirochaetia family;g__unclassified Spirochaetia genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetia species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Desulfuromonadales;f__unclassified Desulfuromonadales family;g__unclassified Desulfuromonadales genus;s__unclassified Desulfuromonadales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Geobacterales;f__Geobacteraceae;g__unclassified Geobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Geobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophia;o__Syntrophales;f__Smithellaceae;g__Smithella;s__unclassified Smithella species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Candidatus Babeliae;o__Candidatus Babeliales;f__Candidatus Babeliaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Babeliaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Babeliaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__unclassified Bacteria class;o__unclassified Bacteria order;f__unclassified Bacteria family;g__unclassified Bacteria genus;s__unclassified Bacteria species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Opitutales;f__Opitutaceae;g__unclassified Opitutaceae genus;s__unclassified Opitutaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Puniceicoccales;f__unclassified Puniceicoccales family;g__unclassified Puniceicoccales genus;s__unclassified Puniceicoccales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__unclassified Opitutae order;f__unclassified Opitutae family;g__unclassified Opitutae genus;s__unclassified Opitutae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Spartobacteria;o__Chthoniobacterales;f__Chthoniobacteraceae;g__unclassified Chthoniobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Chthoniobacteraceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Terrimicrobiia;o__Terrimicrobiales;f__unclassified Terrimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Terrimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Terrimicrobiales species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae;g__unclassified Akkermansiaceae genus;s__unclassified Akkermansiaceae species	Bacteria
glacier	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__Methanomassiliicoccales;f__Candidatus Methanomethylophilaceae;g__Candidatus Methanomethylophilus;s__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylophilus species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__Methanomassiliicoccales;f__Candidatus Methanomethylophilaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylophilaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylophilaceae species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__Methanomassiliicoccales;f__Methanomassiliicoccaceae;g__Methanomassiliicoccus;s__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccus species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Haloferacales;f__Haloferacaceae;g__Halobellus;s__unclassified Halobellus species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Haloferacales;f__Halorubraceae;g__unclassified Halorubraceae genus;s__unclassified Halorubraceae species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanobacteria;o__Methanobacteriales;f__Methanobacteriaceae;g__Methanobacterium;s__unclassified Methanobacterium species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanobacteria;o__Methanobacteriales;f__Methanobacteriaceae;g__Methanobrevibacter;s__unclassified Methanobrevibacter species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanobacteria;o__Methanobacteriales;f__Methanobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Methanobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Methanobacteriaceae species	Archaea
gut	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanomicrobiales;f__Methanocalculaceae;g__unclassified Methanocalculaceae genus;s__unclassified Methanocalculaceae species	Archaea
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinobaculum;s__unclassified Actinobaculum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__unclassified Actinomyces species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Arcanobacterium;s__unclassified Arcanobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__unclassified Schaalia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Actinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Varibaculum;s__unclassified Varibaculum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Winkia;s__unclassified Winkia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__unclassified Bifidobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Bifidobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Bifidobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Geodermatophilales;f__Geodermatophilaceae;g__Blastococcus;s__unclassified Blastococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Kitasatosporales;f__Streptomycetaceae;g__Streptomyces;s__unclassified Streptomyces species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__unclassified Brevibacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Cellulomonas;s__unclassified Cellulomonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__unclassified Cellulomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Cellulomonadaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Dermabacteraceae;g__Helcobacillus;s__unclassified Helcobacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__unclassified Intrasporangiaceae genus;s__unclassified Intrasporangiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Curtobacterium;s__unclassified Curtobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Garicola;s__unclassified Garicola species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__unclassified Kocuria species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Micrococcus;s__unclassified Micrococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__unclassified Corynebacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycobacterium;s__unclassified Mycobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Mycobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Mycobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Aeromicrobium;s__unclassified Aeromicrobium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Nigerium;s__unclassified Nigerium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Propionibacterium;s__unclassified Propionibacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Tessaracoccus;s__unclassified Tessaracoccus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Atopobium;s__unclassified Atopobium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Olsenella;s__unclassified Olsenella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Collinsella;s__unclassified Collinsella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Enorma;s__unclassified Enorma species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__Senegalimassilia;s__unclassified Senegalimassilia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Coriobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Coriobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Coriobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Adlercreutzia;s__unclassified Adlercreutzia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Cryptobacterium;s__unclassified Cryptobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Denitrobacterium;s__unclassified Denitrobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Eggerthella;s__unclassified Eggerthella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Gordonibacter;s__unclassified Gordonibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Slackia;s__unclassified Slackia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__unclassified Bacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Caldibacillus;s__unclassified Caldibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Lysinibacillus;s__unclassified Lysinibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Neobacillus;s__unclassified Neobacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Niallia;s__unclassified Niallia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Oceanobacillus;s__unclassified Oceanobacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Peribacillus;s__unclassified Peribacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Robertmurraya;s__unclassified Robertmurraya species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Thalassobacillus;s__unclassified Thalassobacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__unclassified Bacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacillaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Weizmannia;s__unclassified Weizmannia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Listeriaceae;g__Listeria;s__unclassified Listeria species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Aneurinibacillus;s__unclassified Aneurinibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Brevibacillus;s__unclassified Brevibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Fontibacillus;s__unclassified Fontibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__unclassified Paenibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__unclassified Paenibacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Paenibacillaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__Paenisporosarcina;s__unclassified Paenisporosarcina species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__Planococcus;s__unclassified Planococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__unclassified Planococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Planococcaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Sporolactobacillaceae;g__unclassified Sporolactobacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Sporolactobacillaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__unclassified Staphylococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__unclassified Staphylococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Staphylococcaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Thermoactinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Thermoactinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermoactinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__unclassified Bacillales family;g__Exiguobacterium;s__unclassified Exiguobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__unclassified Bacillales family;g__unclassified Bacillales genus;s__unclassified Bacillales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__Granulicatella;s__unclassified Granulicatella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Enterococcus;s__unclassified Enterococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Vagococcus;s__unclassified Vagococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__unclassified Lactobacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Leuconostoc;s__unclassified Leuconostoc species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Pediococcus;s__unclassified Pediococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__unclassified Lactobacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Lactobacillaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Weissella;s__unclassified Weissella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Lactococcus;s__unclassified Lactococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__unclassified Streptococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__unclassified Lactobacillales family;g__unclassified Lactobacillales genus;s__unclassified Lactobacillales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Candidatus Borkfalkiales;f__Candidatus Borkfalkiaceae;g__Candidatus Borkfalkia;s__unclassified Candidatus Borkfalkia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Candidatus Borkfalkiales;f__Candidatus Borkfalkiaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Borkfalkiaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Borkfalkiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Candidatus Borkfalkiales;f__unclassified Candidatus Borkfalkiales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Borkfalkiales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Borkfalkiales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Cellulosilyticaceae;g__Cellulosilyticum;s__unclassified Cellulosilyticum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Christensenellaceae;g__Christensenella;s__unclassified Christensenella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Christensenellaceae;g__unclassified Christensenellaceae genus;s__unclassified Christensenellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Butyricicoccus;s__unclassified Butyricicoccus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__unclassified Clostridium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Hungatella;s__unclassified Hungatella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Mordavella;s__unclassified Mordavella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Sarcina;s__unclassified Sarcina species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__unclassified Clostridiaceae genus;s__unclassified Clostridiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Desulfitobacteriaceae;g__Desulfitobacterium;s__unclassified Desulfitobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Anaerofustis;s__unclassified Anaerofustis species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__Eubacterium;s__unclassified Eubacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriaceae;g__unclassified Eubacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Eubacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__Casaltella;s__unclassified Casaltella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__Mogibacterium;s__unclassified Mogibacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Anaerosacchariphilus;s__unclassified Anaerosacchariphilus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Anaerostipes;s__unclassified Anaerostipes species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Anaerotignum;s__unclassified Anaerotignum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__unclassified Blautia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Butyrivibrio;s__unclassified Butyrivibrio species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Candidatus Pullilachnospira;s__unclassified Candidatus Pullilachnospira species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Candidatus Scybalocola;s__unclassified Candidatus Scybalocola species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Coprococcus;s__unclassified Coprococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Dorea;s__unclassified Dorea species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Faecalicatena;s__unclassified Faecalicatena species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Fusicatenibacter;s__unclassified Fusicatenibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Kineothrix;s__unclassified Kineothrix species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoanaerobaculum;s__unclassified Lachnoanaerobaculum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnobacterium;s__unclassified Lachnobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__unclassified Lachnoclostridium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnospira;s__unclassified Lachnospira species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnotalea;s__unclassified Lachnotalea species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lacrimispora;s__unclassified Lacrimispora species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Mediterraneibacter;s__unclassified Mediterraneibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Pseudobutyrivibrio;s__unclassified Pseudobutyrivibrio species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Robinsoniella;s__unclassified Robinsoniella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;s__unclassified Roseburia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Tyzzerella;s__unclassified Tyzzerella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__unclassified Lachnospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Lachnospiraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Waltera;s__unclassified Waltera species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Acetanaerobacterium;s__unclassified Acetanaerobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Acetivibrio;s__unclassified Acetivibrio species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Anaeromassilibacillus;s__unclassified Anaeromassilibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Anaerotruncus;s__unclassified Anaerotruncus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Caproiciproducens;s__unclassified Caproiciproducens species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Drancourtella;s__unclassified Drancourtella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Faecalibacterium;s__unclassified Faecalibacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Flavonifractor;s__unclassified Flavonifractor species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Hydrogeniiclostridium;s__unclassified Hydrogeniiclostridium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Marasmitruncus;s__unclassified Marasmitruncus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Merdimmobilis;s__unclassified Merdimmobilis species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Neglectibacter;s__unclassified Neglectibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Oscillibacter;s__unclassified Oscillibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Provencibacterium;s__unclassified Provencibacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Pseudoflavonifractor;s__unclassified Pseudoflavonifractor species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Ruminiclostridium;s__unclassified Ruminiclostridium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__unclassified Ruminococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Subdoligranulum;s__unclassified Subdoligranulum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__unclassified Oscillospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Oscillospiraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptococcaceae;g__unclassified Peptococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptococcaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__Clostridioides;s__unclassified Clostridioides species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__Paeniclostridium;s__unclassified Paeniclostridium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__Romboutsia;s__unclassified Romboutsia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__Flintibacter;s__unclassified Flintibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__Gemmiger;s__unclassified Gemmiger species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__Intestinimonas;s__unclassified Intestinimonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__unclassified Eubacteriales genus;s__unclassified Eubacteriales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Thermoanaerobacterales;f__Thermoanaerobacteraceae;g__unclassified Thermoanaerobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Thermoanaerobacteraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__Candidatus Allobutyricicoccus;s__unclassified Candidatus Allobutyricicoccus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__Candidatus Metaruminococcus;s__unclassified Candidatus Metaruminococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__Candidatus Neochristensenella;s__unclassified Candidatus Neochristensenella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__Candidatus Neoclostridium;s__unclassified Candidatus Neoclostridium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__unclassified Clostridia genus;s__unclassified Clostridia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Coprobacillaceae;g__Coprobacillus;s__unclassified Coprobacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Coprobacillaceae;g__Thomasclavelia;s__unclassified Thomasclavelia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Coprobacillaceae;g__unclassified Coprobacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Coprobacillaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Absiella;s__unclassified Absiella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Candidatus Onthosoma;s__unclassified Candidatus Onthosoma species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Candidatus Stoquefichus;s__unclassified Candidatus Stoquefichus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Faecalicoccus;s__unclassified Faecalicoccus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Faecalitalea;s__unclassified Faecalitalea species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Longibaculum;s__unclassified Longibaculum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Massilimicrobiota;s__unclassified Massilimicrobiota species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Solobacterium;s__unclassified Solobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Stecheria;s__unclassified Stecheria species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Turicibacteraceae;g__Turicibacter;s__unclassified Turicibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__unclassified Erysipelotrichales family;g__unclassified Erysipelotrichales genus;s__unclassified Erysipelotrichales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Acidaminococcus;s__unclassified Acidaminococcus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Phascolarctobacterium;s__unclassified Phascolarctobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__unclassified Acidaminococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Acidaminococcaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Megamonas;s__unclassified Megamonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Mitsuokella;s__unclassified Mitsuokella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Selenomonas;s__unclassified Selenomonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Sporomusaceae;g__Pelosinus;s__unclassified Pelosinus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Colibacter;s__unclassified Colibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Dialister;s__unclassified Dialister species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Megasphaera;s__unclassified Megasphaera species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__unclassified Veillonellaceae genus;s__unclassified Veillonellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Veillonella;s__unclassified Veillonella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Anaerosphaera;s__unclassified Anaerosphaera species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__unclassified Peptoniphilus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__unclassified Peptoniphilaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptoniphilaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Sporanaerobacteraceae;g__Anaerosalibacter;s__unclassified Anaerosalibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Sporanaerobacteraceae;g__Sporanaerobacter;s__unclassified Sporanaerobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Tissierellaceae;g__Tissierella;s__unclassified Tissierella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Tissierellaceae;g__unclassified Tissierellaceae genus;s__unclassified Tissierellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__unclassified Tissierellia order;f__unclassified Tissierellia family;g__Sedimentibacter;s__unclassified Sedimentibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__unclassified Bacillota class;o__unclassified Bacillota order;f__unclassified Bacillota family;g__Negativibacillus;s__unclassified Negativibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__unclassified Bacteroides species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Candidatus Caccoplasma;s__unclassified Candidatus Caccoplasma species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Phocaeicola;s__unclassified Phocaeicola species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Barnesiellaceae;g__Barnesiella;s__unclassified Barnesiella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Lentimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Lentimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Lentimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Muribaculaceae;g__Candidatus Amulumruptor;s__unclassified Candidatus Amulumruptor species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Muribaculaceae;g__Muribaculum;s__unclassified Muribaculum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Muribaculaceae;g__unclassified Muribaculaceae genus;s__unclassified Muribaculaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Odoribacter;s__unclassified Odoribacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Gabonia;s__unclassified Gabonia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Lascolabacillus;s__unclassified Lascolabacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__unclassified Porphyromonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Sanguibacteroides;s__unclassified Sanguibacteroides species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Paraprevotella;s__unclassified Paraprevotella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotellamassilia;s__unclassified Prevotellamassilia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__unclassified Prevotella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__unclassified Prevotellaceae genus;s__unclassified Prevotellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__unclassified Alistipes species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Millionella;s__unclassified Millionella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__unclassified Rikenellaceae genus;s__unclassified Rikenellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__unclassified Parabacteroides species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__unclassified Tannerellaceae genus;s__unclassified Tannerellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__unclassified Bacteroidales family;g__unclassified Bacteroidales genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Marinilabiliales;f__Marinilabiliaceae;g__unclassified Marinilabiliaceae genus;s__unclassified Marinilabiliaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__unclassified Flavobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Ichthyobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Ichthyobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Ichthyobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Chryseobacterium;s__unclassified Chryseobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Arcobacteraceae;g__Aliarcobacter;s__unclassified Aliarcobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter;s__unclassified Campylobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Helicobacteraceae;g__Helicobacter;s__unclassified Helicobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Helicobacteraceae;g__unclassified Helicobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Helicobacteraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Melainabacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Melainabacteria class;o__Candidatus Gastranaerophilales;f__unclassified Candidatus Gastranaerophilales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Gastranaerophilales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Gastranaerophilales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__Elusimicrobiales;f__Elusimicrobiaceae;g__Elusimicrobium;s__unclassified Elusimicrobium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__Elusimicrobiales;f__Elusimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Elusimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Elusimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Fibrobacteria;o__Fibrobacterales;f__Fibrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Fibrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Fibrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__Cetobacterium;s__unclassified Cetobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__Fusobacterium;s__unclassified Fusobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Leptotrichiaceae;g__Leptotrichia;s__unclassified Leptotrichia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__unclassified Fusobacteriales family;g__unclassified Fusobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Fusobacteriales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Lentisphaerota;c__Lentisphaeria;o__Lentisphaerales;f__Lentisphaeraceae;g__unclassified Lentisphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Lentisphaeraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Lentisphaerota;c__Lentisphaeria;o__Victivallales;f__unclassified Victivallales family;g__unclassified Victivallales genus;s__unclassified Victivallales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Lentisphaerota;c__Lentisphaeria;o__Victivallales;f__Victivallaceae;g__Victivallis;s__unclassified Victivallis species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Lentisphaerota;c__Oligosphaeria;o__Oligosphaerales;f__Oligosphaeraceae;g__unclassified Oligosphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Oligosphaeraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Mycoplasmatales;f__Mycoplasmataceae;g__Mycoplasma;s__unclassified Mycoplasma species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Mycoplasmatales;f__Mycoplasmataceae;g__Mycoplasmopsis;s__unclassified Mycoplasmopsis species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Mycoplasmatales;f__Mycoplasmataceae;g__Ureaplasma;s__unclassified Ureaplasma species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Mycoplasmatales;f__unclassified Mycoplasmatales family;g__unclassified Mycoplasmatales genus;s__unclassified Mycoplasmatales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__unclassified Myxococcales family;g__unclassified Myxococcales genus;s__unclassified Myxococcales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Caulobacter;s__unclassified Caulobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Methylobacterium;s__unclassified Methylobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Microvirga;s__unclassified Microvirga species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Afipia;s__unclassified Afipia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Bradyrhizobium;s__unclassified Bradyrhizobium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Phyllobacteriaceae;g__Phyllobacterium;s__unclassified Phyllobacterium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acetobacter;s__unclassified Acetobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Acidiphilium;s__unclassified Acidiphilium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__unclassified Acetobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Acetobacteraceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Azospirillaceae;g__Azospirillum;s__unclassified Azospirillum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rickettsiales;f__unclassified Rickettsiales family;g__unclassified Rickettsiales genus;s__unclassified Rickettsiales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingosinithalassobacter;s__unclassified Sphingosinithalassobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Achromobacter;s__unclassified Achromobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Bordetella;s__unclassified Bordetella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Ralstonia;s__unclassified Ralstonia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__unclassified Burkholderiaceae genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Acidovorax;s__unclassified Acidovorax species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Comamonas;s__unclassified Comamonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Noviherbaspirillum;s__unclassified Noviherbaspirillum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Oxalobacter;s__unclassified Oxalobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Dakarella;s__unclassified Dakarella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Parasutterella;s__unclassified Parasutterella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sutterellaceae;g__Sutterella;s__unclassified Sutterella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__unclassified Burkholderiales genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__unclassified Neisseria species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__unclassified Neisseriaceae genus;s__unclassified Neisseriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Vitreoscilla;s__unclassified Vitreoscilla species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Rhodocyclales;f__Azonexaceae;g__Dechloromonas;s__unclassified Dechloromonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Aeromonadales;f__Succinivibrionaceae;g__Anaerobiospirillum;s__unclassified Anaerobiospirillum species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Aeromonadales;f__Succinivibrionaceae;g__Ruminobacter;s__unclassified Ruminobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Aeromonadales;f__Succinivibrionaceae;g__Succinatimonas;s__unclassified Succinatimonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Aeromonadales;f__Succinivibrionaceae;g__Succinivibrio;s__unclassified Succinivibrio species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Alteromonadaceae;g__Agaribacter;s__unclassified Agaribacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Cedecea;s__unclassified Cedecea species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Citrobacter;s__unclassified Citrobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Cronobacter;s__unclassified Cronobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Enterobacter;s__unclassified Enterobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Escherichia;s__unclassified Escherichia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Klebsiella;s__unclassified Klebsiella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Kluyvera;s__unclassified Kluyvera species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Leclercia;s__unclassified Leclercia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Metakosakonia;s__unclassified Metakosakonia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Pluralibacter;s__unclassified Pluralibacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Salmonella;s__unclassified Salmonella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Enterobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Enterobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Mixta;s__unclassified Mixta species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Pantoea;s__unclassified Pantoea species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Hafniaceae;g__Hafnia;s__unclassified Hafnia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Morganellaceae;g__Proteus;s__unclassified Proteus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Morganellaceae;g__Providencia;s__unclassified Providencia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__unclassified Enterobacterales family;g__unclassified Enterobacterales genus;s__unclassified Enterobacterales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Yersiniaceae;g__Nissabacter;s__unclassified Nissabacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Yersiniaceae;g__Serratia;s__unclassified Serratia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__unclassified Acinetobacter species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__unclassified Moraxellaceae genus;s__unclassified Moraxellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Halomonas;s__unclassified Halomonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__unclassified Haemophilus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__unclassified Pasteurellaceae genus;s__unclassified Pasteurellaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__unclassified Pseudomonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Francisellaceae;g__Francisella;s__unclassified Francisella species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Vibrionales;f__Vibrionaceae;g__Grimontia;s__unclassified Grimontia species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Vibrionales;f__Vibrionaceae;g__Vibrio;s__unclassified Vibrio species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__unclassified Xanthomonadales family;g__unclassified Xanthomonadales genus;s__unclassified Xanthomonadales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__unclassified Stenotrophomonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Xanthomonas;s__unclassified Xanthomonas species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Brachyspirales;f__Brachyspiraceae;g__Brachyspira;s__unclassified Brachyspira species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Sphaerochaetaceae;g__Sphaerochaeta;s__unclassified Sphaerochaeta species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Spirochaetaceae;g__unclassified Spirochaetaceae genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Treponemataceae;g__Treponema;s__unclassified Treponema species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__Acetomicrobiaceae;g__Acetomicrobium;s__unclassified Acetomicrobium species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__Synergistaceae;g__Cloacibacillus;s__unclassified Cloacibacillus species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__Synergistaceae;g__unclassified Synergistaceae genus;s__unclassified Synergistaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfovibrionia;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Desulfovibrio;s__unclassified Desulfovibrio species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__unclassified Bacteria class;o__unclassified Bacteria order;f__unclassified Bacteria family;g__Candidatus Avacholeplasma;s__unclassified Candidatus Avacholeplasma species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Puniceicoccales;f__unclassified Puniceicoccales family;g__unclassified Puniceicoccales genus;s__unclassified Puniceicoccales species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae;g__unclassified Akkermansiaceae genus;s__unclassified Akkermansiaceae species	Bacteria
gut	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Altiarchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeota class;o__Candidatus Altiarchaeales;f__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Altiarchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Altiarchaeota species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Korarchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Korarchaeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Korarchaeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Korarchaeota family;g__Candidatus Korarchaeum;s__unclassified Candidatus Korarchaeum species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Lokiarchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Lokiarchaeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Lokiarchaeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Lokiarchaeota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Lokiarchaeota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Lokiarchaeota species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Micrarchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Micrarchaeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Micrarchaeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Micrarchaeota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Micrarchaeota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Micrarchaeota species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Candidatus Poseidoniia;o__Candidatus Poseidoniales;f__unclassified Candidatus Poseidoniales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Poseidoniales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Poseidoniales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__Methanomassiliicoccales;f__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccales family;g__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccales genus;s__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__Thermoplasmatales;f__unclassified Thermoplasmatales family;g__unclassified Thermoplasmatales genus;s__unclassified Thermoplasmatales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__unclassified Thermoplasmata order;f__unclassified Thermoplasmata family;g__unclassified Thermoplasmata genus;s__unclassified Thermoplasmata species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota family;g__Aciduliprofundum;s__unclassified Aciduliprofundum species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Verstraetearchaeota;c__Candidatus Methanomethylicia;o__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylicia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylicia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylicia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Methanomethylicia species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Woesearchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Archaeoglobi;o__Archaeoglobales;f__Archaeoglobaceae;g__Archaeoglobus;s__unclassified Archaeoglobus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Archaeoglobi;o__Archaeoglobales;f__Archaeoglobaceae;g__unclassified Archaeoglobaceae genus;s__unclassified Archaeoglobaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Halobacteriales;f__Haloarculaceae;g__Natronomonas;s__unclassified Natronomonas species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Halobacteriales;f__Natronoarchaeaceae;g__Salinarchaeum;s__unclassified Salinarchaeum species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Halobacteriales;f__unclassified Halobacteriales family;g__unclassified Halobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Halobacteriales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Haloferacales;f__Halorubraceae;g__unclassified Halorubraceae genus;s__unclassified Halorubraceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanococci;o__Methanococcales;f__Methanocaldococcaceae;g__Methanocaldococcus;s__unclassified Methanocaldococcus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanococci;o__Methanococcales;f__Methanococcaceae;g__Methanococcus;s__unclassified Methanococcus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanomicrobiales;f__Methanomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Methanomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Methanomicrobiaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanomicrobiales;f__Methanoregulaceae;g__Methanoregula;s__unclassified Methanoregula species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__Candidatus Methanoperedenaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Methanoperedenaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Methanoperedenaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__Methanosarcinaceae;g__Methanosarcina;s__unclassified Methanosarcina species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__unclassified Methanosarcinales family;g__unclassified Methanosarcinales genus;s__unclassified Methanosarcinales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanotrichales;f__Methanotrichaceae;g__Methanothrix;s__unclassified Methanothrix species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanotrichales;f__Methanotrichaceae;g__unclassified Methanotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Methanotrichaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__unclassified Methanomicrobia order;f__unclassified Methanomicrobia family;g__unclassified Methanomicrobia genus;s__unclassified Methanomicrobia species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Thermococci;o__Thermococcales;f__Thermococcaceae;g__Thermococcus;s__unclassified Thermococcus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Thermococci;o__unclassified Thermococci order;f__unclassified Thermococci family;g__unclassified Thermococci genus;s__unclassified Thermococci species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Nanoarchaeota;c__Candidatus Nanoarchaeia;o__Nanoarchaeales;f__unclassified Nanoarchaeales family;g__unclassified Nanoarchaeales genus;s__unclassified Nanoarchaeales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__Conexivisphaeria;o__unclassified Conexivisphaeria order;f__unclassified Conexivisphaeria family;g__unclassified Conexivisphaeria genus;s__unclassified Conexivisphaeria species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__Nitrosopumilales;f__Nitrosopumilaceae;g__Nitrosopumilus;s__unclassified Nitrosopumilus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__Nitrosopumilales;f__Nitrosopumilaceae;g__unclassified Nitrosopumilaceae genus;s__unclassified Nitrosopumilaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__Nitrosopumilales;f__unclassified Nitrosopumilales family;g__unclassified Nitrosopumilales genus;s__unclassified Nitrosopumilales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__unclassified Nitrososphaerota order;f__unclassified Nitrososphaerota family;g__Candidatus Nitrosopelagicus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nitrosopelagicus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Acidilobales;f__Caldisphaeraceae;g__unclassified Caldisphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Caldisphaeraceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Desulfurococcales;f__Desulfurococcaceae;g__Staphylothermus;s__unclassified Staphylothermus species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Desulfurococcales;f__Desulfurococcaceae;g__unclassified Desulfurococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfurococcaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Desulfurococcales;f__Pyrodictiaceae;g__unclassified Pyrodictiaceae genus;s__unclassified Pyrodictiaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Desulfurococcales;f__unclassified Desulfurococcales family;g__unclassified Desulfurococcales genus;s__unclassified Desulfurococcales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Thermofilales;f__Thermofilaceae;g__unclassified Thermofilaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermofilaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Thermoproteales;f__Thermoproteaceae;g__unclassified Thermoproteaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermoproteaceae species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__Thermoproteota;c__Thermoprotei;o__Thermoproteales;f__unclassified Thermoproteales family;g__unclassified Thermoproteales genus;s__unclassified Thermoproteales species	Archaea
marine	k__Archaea;p__unclassified Archaea phylum;c__unclassified Archaea class;o__unclassified Archaea order;f__unclassified Archaea family;g__unclassified Archaea genus;s__unclassified Archaea species	Archaea
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Holophagae;o__Holophagales;f__unclassified Holophagales family;g__unclassified Holophagales genus;s__unclassified Holophagales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Candidatus Sulfotelmatomonas;s__unclassified Candidatus Sulfotelmatomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__unclassified Terriglobia order;f__unclassified Terriglobia family;g__unclassified Terriglobia genus;s__unclassified Terriglobia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Thermoanaerobaculia;o__Thermoanaerobaculales;f__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculales family;g__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculales genus;s__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__unclassified Acidobacteriota class;o__unclassified Acidobacteriota order;f__unclassified Acidobacteriota family;g__unclassified Acidobacteriota genus;s__unclassified Acidobacteriota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Vicinamibacteria;o__Vicinamibacterales;f__Vicinamibacteraceae;g__unclassified Vicinamibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Vicinamibacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Acidimicrobiaceae;g__Acidimicrobium;s__unclassified Acidimicrobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Acidimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Ilumatobacteraceae;g__Ilumatobacter;s__unclassified Ilumatobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Ilumatobacteraceae;g__unclassified Ilumatobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Ilumatobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Microthrixaceae;g__Candidatus Microthrix;s__unclassified Candidatus Microthrix species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Microthrixaceae;g__unclassified Microthrixaceae genus;s__unclassified Microthrixaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__unclassified Acidimicrobiia order;f__unclassified Acidimicrobiia family;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiia genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Actinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae;g__Candidatus Planktophila;s__unclassified Candidatus Planktophila species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Aquiluna;s__unclassified Aquiluna species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Clavibacter;s__unclassified Clavibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__unclassified Microbacterium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__unclassified Microbacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Microbacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__unclassified Micrococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Micrococcaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycobacterium;s__unclassified Mycobacterium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__Rhodococcus erythropolis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__unclassified Rhodococcus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Nocardioides;s__unclassified Nocardioides species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Cutibacterium;s__Cutibacterium acnes	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Nitriliruptoria;o__Egicoccales;f__Egicoccaceae;g__unclassified Egicoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Egicoccaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Nitriliruptoria;o__Nitriliruptorales;f__unclassified Nitriliruptorales family;g__unclassified Nitriliruptorales genus;s__unclassified Nitriliruptorales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__unclassified Thermoleophilia order;f__unclassified Thermoleophilia family;g__unclassified Thermoleophilia genus;s__unclassified Thermoleophilia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__unclassified Actinomycetota class;o__unclassified Actinomycetota order;f__unclassified Actinomycetota family;g__unclassified Actinomycetota genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__Aquificales;f__Aquificaceae;g__unclassified Aquificaceae genus;s__unclassified Aquificaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__Aquificales;f__Hydrogenothermaceae;g__Persephonella;s__unclassified Persephonella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__Aquificales;f__unclassified Aquificales family;g__unclassified Aquificales genus;s__unclassified Aquificales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__Desulfurobacteriales;f__Desulfurobacteriaceae;g__Thermovibrio;s__unclassified Thermovibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__Desulfurobacteriales;f__Desulfurobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Desulfurobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfurobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__Aquificae;o__unclassified Aquificae order;f__unclassified Aquificae family;g__unclassified Aquificae genus;s__unclassified Aquificae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Aquificota;c__unclassified Aquificota class;o__unclassified Aquificota order;f__unclassified Aquificota family;g__unclassified Aquificota genus;s__unclassified Aquificota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Halobacillus;s__unclassified Halobacillus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__unclassified Planococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Planococcaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__unclassified Lactobacillales family;g__unclassified Lactobacillales genus;s__unclassified Lactobacillales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__unclassified Bacilli order;f__unclassified Bacilli family;g__unclassified Bacilli genus;s__unclassified Bacilli species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Christensenellaceae;g__unclassified Christensenellaceae genus;s__unclassified Christensenellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__unclassified Clostridium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__unclassified Blautia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__unclassified Lachnospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Lachnospiraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__unclassified Oscillospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Oscillospiraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__unclassified Eubacteriales genus;s__unclassified Eubacteriales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__unclassified Clostridia genus;s__unclassified Clostridia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__unclassified Bacteroides species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__unclassified Bacteroidaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Lentimicrobiaceae;g__Lentimicrobium;s__unclassified Lentimicrobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Lentimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Lentimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Lentimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__unclassified Porphyromonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Porphyromonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__unclassified Prevotellaceae genus;s__unclassified Prevotellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__unclassified Bacteroidales family;g__unclassified Bacteroidales genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Marinilabiliales;f__Marinifilaceae;g__Marinifilum;s__unclassified Marinifilum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Marinilabiliales;f__Marinilabiliaceae;g__unclassified Marinilabiliaceae genus;s__unclassified Marinilabiliaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Marinilabiliales;f__Prolixibacteraceae;g__Maribellus;s__unclassified Maribellus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__unclassified Bacteroidia order;f__unclassified Bacteroidia family;g__unclassified Bacteroidia genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__unclassified Chitinophagaceae genus;s__unclassified Chitinophagaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__unclassified Chitinophagales family;g__unclassified Chitinophagales genus;s__unclassified Chitinophagales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cyclobacteriaceae;g__Cyclobacterium;s__unclassified Cyclobacterium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Marivirgaceae;g__Marivirga;s__unclassified Marivirga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Reichenbachiellaceae;g__Marinoscillum;s__unclassified Marinoscillum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Roseivirgaceae;g__Roseivirga;s__unclassified Roseivirga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Roseivirgaceae;g__unclassified Roseivirgaceae genus;s__unclassified Roseivirgaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Crocinitomicaceae;g__Fluviicola;s__unclassified Fluviicola species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Crocinitomicaceae;g__Lishizhenia;s__unclassified Lishizhenia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Crocinitomicaceae;g__unclassified Crocinitomicaceae genus;s__unclassified Crocinitomicaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Cryomorphaceae;g__unclassified Cryomorphaceae genus;s__unclassified Cryomorphaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Aequorivita;s__unclassified Aequorivita species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Cellulophaga;s__unclassified Cellulophaga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavimarina;s__unclassified Flavimarina species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__unclassified Flavobacterium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Formosa;s__unclassified Formosa species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Gelidibacter;s__unclassified Gelidibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Kordia;s__unclassified Kordia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Lutibacter;s__unclassified Lutibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Maribacter;s__unclassified Maribacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Mesoflavibacter;s__Mesoflavibacter zeaxanthinifaciens	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Mesoflavibacter;s__unclassified Mesoflavibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Muricauda;s__unclassified Muricauda species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Polaribacter;s__unclassified Polaribacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Pseudozobellia;s__unclassified Pseudozobellia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Psychroserpens;s__unclassified Psychroserpens species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Salegentibacter;s__unclassified Salegentibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Ulvibacter;s__unclassified Ulvibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Zunongwangia;s__unclassified Zunongwangia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Ichthyobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Ichthyobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Ichthyobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Schleiferiaceae;g__Owenweeksia;s__unclassified Owenweeksia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__unclassified Flavobacteriales family;g__unclassified Flavobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__unclassified Weeksellaceae genus;s__unclassified Weeksellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Saprospiria;o__Saprospirales;f__Lewinellaceae;g__Lewinella;s__unclassified Lewinella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Saprospiria;o__Saprospirales;f__Lewinellaceae;g__unclassified Lewinellaceae genus;s__unclassified Lewinellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Pedobacter;s__unclassified Pedobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__unclassified Bacteroidota class;o__unclassified Bacteroidota order;f__Rhodothermaceae;g__unclassified Rhodothermaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodothermaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__unclassified Bacteroidota class;o__unclassified Bacteroidota order;f__unclassified Bacteroidota family;g__unclassified Bacteroidota genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__Balneolales;f__Balneolaceae;g__Balneola;s__unclassified Balneola species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__Balneolales;f__Balneolaceae;g__unclassified Balneolaceae genus;s__unclassified Balneolaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__unclassified Balneolia order;f__unclassified Balneolia family;g__unclassified Balneolia genus;s__unclassified Balneolia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bacteriovoracia;o__Bacteriovoracales;f__Bacteriovoracaceae;g__Peredibacter;s__unclassified Peredibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bacteriovoracia;o__Bacteriovoracales;f__Bacteriovoracaceae;g__unclassified Bacteriovoracaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacteriovoracaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bacteriovoracia;o__Bacteriovoracales;f__Halobacteriovoraceae;g__Halobacteriovorax;s__unclassified Halobacteriovorax species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__Micavibrio;s__unclassified Micavibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__unclassified Pseudobdellovibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudobdellovibrionaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__unclassified Bdellovibrionales family;g__unclassified Bdellovibrionales genus;s__unclassified Bdellovibrionales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Caldisericota;c__Caldisericia;o__Caldisericales;f__unclassified Caldisericales family;g__unclassified Caldisericales genus;s__unclassified Caldisericales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Calditrichota;c__Calditrichia;o__Calditrichales;f__Calditrichaceae;g__unclassified Calditrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Calditrichaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Calditrichota;c__Calditrichia;o__Calditrichales;f__unclassified Calditrichales family;g__unclassified Calditrichales genus;s__unclassified Calditrichales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Arcobacteraceae;g__Arcobacter;s__unclassified Arcobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__unclassified Campylobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Campylobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Hydrogenimonaceae;g__unclassified Hydrogenimonaceae genus;s__unclassified Hydrogenimonaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Sulfurospirillaceae;g__Sulfurospirillum;s__unclassified Sulfurospirillum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Sulfurovaceae;g__Nitratifractor;s__unclassified Nitratifractor species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Sulfurovaceae;g__Sulfurovum;s__unclassified Sulfurovum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Thiovulaceae;g__Sulfurimonas;s__unclassified Sulfurimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Thiovulaceae;g__unclassified Thiovulaceae genus;s__unclassified Thiovulaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__unclassified Campylobacterales family;g__unclassified Campylobacterales genus;s__unclassified Campylobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Nautiliales;f__Nitratiruptoraceae;g__Nitratiruptor;s__unclassified Nitratiruptor species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Nautiliales;f__unclassified Nautiliales family;g__unclassified Nautiliales genus;s__unclassified Nautiliales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__unclassified Epsilonproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Epsilonproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Epsilonproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Epsilonproteobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__candidate division LCP-89;c__unclassified candidate division LCP-89 class;o__unclassified candidate division LCP-89 order;f__unclassified candidate division LCP-89 family;g__unclassified candidate division LCP-89 genus;s__unclassified candidate division LCP-89 species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__candidate division WOR-3;c__unclassified candidate division WOR-3 class;o__unclassified candidate division WOR-3 order;f__unclassified candidate division WOR-3 family;g__unclassified candidate division WOR-3 genus;s__unclassified candidate division WOR-3 species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__candidate division Zixibacteria;c__unclassified candidate division Zixibacteria class;o__unclassified candidate division Zixibacteria order;f__unclassified candidate division Zixibacteria family;g__unclassified candidate division Zixibacteria genus;s__unclassified candidate division Zixibacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Aminicenantes;c__unclassified Candidatus Aminicenantes class;o__unclassified Candidatus Aminicenantes order;f__unclassified Candidatus Aminicenantes family;g__Candidatus Aminicenans;s__Candidatus Aminicenans sakinawicola	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Binatota;c__unclassified Candidatus Binatota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Binatota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Binatota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Binatota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Binatota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Bipolaricaulota;c__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Cloacimonetes;c__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes class;o__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes order;f__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes family;g__Candidatus Cloacimonas;s__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Cloacimonetes;c__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes class;o__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes order;f__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes family;g__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Coatesbacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Coatesbacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Coatesbacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Coatesbacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Coatesbacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Coatesbacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Cryosericota;c__Candidatus Cryosericia;o__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Eisenbacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Fermentibacteria;c__Candidatus Fermentibacteria (class);o__Candidatus Fermentibacterales;f__Candidatus Fermentibacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Fermentibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Fermentibacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Handelsmanbacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Handelsmanbacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Handelsmanbacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Handelsmanbacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Handelsmanbacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Handelsmanbacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Margulisbacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Margulisbacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Margulisbacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Margulisbacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Margulisbacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Margulisbacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Marinimicrobia;c__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia class;o__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Melainabacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Melainabacteria class;o__Candidatus Caenarcaniphilales;f__unclassified Candidatus Caenarcaniphilales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Caenarcaniphilales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Caenarcaniphilales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Melainabacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Melainabacteria class;o__Candidatus Obscuribacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Obscuribacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Obscuribacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Obscuribacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Omnitrophica;c__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica class;o__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica order;f__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica family;g__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__Candidatus Peribacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales family;g__Candidatus Peribacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__Candidatus Peribacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Poribacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Poribacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Poribacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Poribacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Poribacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Poribacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Wallbacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Wallbacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Wallbacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Wallbacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Wallbacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Wallbacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chlamydiota;c__Chlamydiia;o__Parachlamydiales;f__Simkaniaceae;g__unclassified Simkaniaceae genus;s__unclassified Simkaniaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chlamydiota;c__unclassified Chlamydiota class;o__unclassified Chlamydiota order;f__unclassified Chlamydiota family;g__unclassified Chlamydiota genus;s__unclassified Chlamydiota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chlorobiota;c__Chlorobiia;o__Chlorobiales;f__Candidatus Thermochlorobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Thermochlorobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Thermochlorobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chlorobiota;c__Chlorobiia;o__Chlorobiales;f__Chlorobiaceae;g__Prosthecochloris;s__Prosthecochloris aestuarii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chlorobiota;c__Chlorobiia;o__Chlorobiales;f__Chlorobiaceae;g__unclassified Chlorobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Chlorobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chlorobiota;c__Chlorobiia;o__Chlorobiales;f__unclassified Chlorobiales family;g__unclassified Chlorobiales genus;s__unclassified Chlorobiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__Anaerolineaceae;g__Anaerolinea;s__unclassified Anaerolinea species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__Anaerolineaceae;g__unclassified Anaerolineaceae genus;s__unclassified Anaerolineaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__unclassified Anaerolineales family;g__unclassified Anaerolineales genus;s__unclassified Anaerolineales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__unclassified Anaerolineae order;f__unclassified Anaerolineae family;g__unclassified Anaerolineae genus;s__unclassified Anaerolineae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Ardenticatenia;o__Ardenticatenales;f__Ardenticatenaceae;g__unclassified Ardenticatenaceae genus;s__unclassified Ardenticatenaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Ardenticatenia;o__Ardenticatenales;f__unclassified Ardenticatenales family;g__unclassified Ardenticatenales genus;s__unclassified Ardenticatenales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Caldilineae;o__Caldilineales;f__unclassified Caldilineales family;g__unclassified Caldilineales genus;s__unclassified Caldilineales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Chloroflexia;o__unclassified Chloroflexia order;f__unclassified Chloroflexia family;g__unclassified Chloroflexia genus;s__unclassified Chloroflexia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Dehalococcoidia;o__Dehalococcoidales;f__Dehalococcoidaceae;g__Dehalococcoides;s__unclassified Dehalococcoides species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Dehalococcoidia;o__Dehalococcoidales;f__Dehalococcoidaceae;g__unclassified Dehalococcoidaceae genus;s__unclassified Dehalococcoidaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Dehalococcoidia;o__Dehalococcoidales;f__unclassified Dehalococcoidales family;g__unclassified Dehalococcoidales genus;s__unclassified Dehalococcoidales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Dehalococcoidia;o__unclassified Dehalococcoidia order;f__unclassified Dehalococcoidia family;g__unclassified Dehalococcoidia genus;s__unclassified Dehalococcoidia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Thermoflexia;o__Thermoflexales;f__unclassified Thermoflexales family;g__unclassified Thermoflexales genus;s__unclassified Thermoflexales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chrysiogenota;c__Chrysiogenetes;o__Chrysiogenales;f__unclassified Chrysiogenales family;g__unclassified Chrysiogenales genus;s__unclassified Chrysiogenales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Chrysiogenota;c__Chrysiogenetes;o__unclassified Chrysiogenetes order;f__unclassified Chrysiogenetes family;g__unclassified Chrysiogenetes genus;s__unclassified Chrysiogenetes species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Coprothermobacterota;c__Coprothermobacteria;o__Coprothermobacterales;f__unclassified Coprothermobacterales family;g__unclassified Coprothermobacterales genus;s__unclassified Coprothermobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Coprothermobacterota;c__Coprothermobacteria;o__unclassified Coprothermobacteria order;f__unclassified Coprothermobacteria family;g__unclassified Coprothermobacteria genus;s__unclassified Coprothermobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Chroococcales;f__Geminocystaceae;g__unclassified Geminocystaceae genus;s__unclassified Geminocystaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Nostocales;f__unclassified Nostocales family;g__unclassified Nostocales genus;s__unclassified Nostocales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Microcoleaceae;g__unclassified Microcoleaceae genus;s__unclassified Microcoleaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Oscillatoriaceae;g__Okeania;s__unclassified Okeania species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Oscillatoriaceae;g__Phormidium;s__unclassified Phormidium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Oscillatoriaceae;g__Plectonema;s__unclassified Plectonema species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Oscillatoriaceae;g__unclassified Oscillatoriaceae genus;s__unclassified Oscillatoriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__unclassified Leptolyngbyaceae genus;s__unclassified Leptolyngbyaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Prochlorotrichaceae;g__unclassified Prochlorotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Prochlorotrichaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Synechococcales;f__Prochlorococcaceae;g__Prochlorococcus;s__Prochlorococcus marinus	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Synechococcales;f__Prochlorococcaceae;g__Prochlorococcus;s__unclassified Prochlorococcus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Synechococcales;f__Synechococcaceae;g__Synechococcus;s__unclassified Synechococcus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Deinococcales;f__Deinococcaceae;g__unclassified Deinococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Deinococcaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Thermales;f__Thermaceae;g__Thermus;s__Thermus thermophilus	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Thermales;f__Thermaceae;g__unclassified Thermaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__Elusimicrobiales;f__Elusimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Elusimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Elusimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__Elusimicrobiales;f__unclassified Elusimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Elusimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Elusimicrobiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Chitinispirillia;o__Chitinispirillales;f__unclassified Chitinispirillales family;g__unclassified Chitinispirillales genus;s__unclassified Chitinispirillales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__Ilyobacter;s__Ilyobacter polytropus	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Fusobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Fusobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__unclassified Fusobacteriia order;f__unclassified Fusobacteriia family;g__unclassified Fusobacteriia genus;s__unclassified Fusobacteriia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__Gemmatimonadaceae;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__unclassified Gemmatimonadales family;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadales genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes order;f__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes family;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__unclassified Gemmatimonadota class;o__unclassified Gemmatimonadota order;f__unclassified Gemmatimonadota family;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadota genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Ignavibacteriota;c__Ignavibacteria;o__Ignavibacteriales;f__unclassified Ignavibacteriales family;g__unclassified Ignavibacteriales genus;s__unclassified Ignavibacteriales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Kiritimatiellota;c__Kiritimatiellia;o__Kiritimatiellales;f__unclassified Kiritimatiellales family;g__unclassified Kiritimatiellales genus;s__unclassified Kiritimatiellales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Lentisphaerota;c__Lentisphaeria;o__unclassified Lentisphaeria order;f__unclassified Lentisphaeria family;g__unclassified Lentisphaeria genus;s__unclassified Lentisphaeria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Acholeplasmatales;f__Acholeplasmataceae;g__unclassified Acholeplasmataceae genus;s__unclassified Acholeplasmataceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Mycoplasmatales;f__Mycoplasmataceae;g__unclassified Mycoplasmataceae genus;s__unclassified Mycoplasmataceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Myxococcaceae;g__unclassified Myxococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Myxococcaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__unclassified Myxococcales family;g__unclassified Myxococcales genus;s__unclassified Myxococcales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__unclassified Myxococcota class;o__Polyangiales;f__Sandaracinaceae;g__unclassified Sandaracinaceae genus;s__unclassified Sandaracinaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospinota;c__Nitrospinia;o__Nitrospinales;f__Nitrospinaceae;g__Nitrospina;s__unclassified Nitrospina species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospinota;c__Nitrospinia;o__Nitrospinales;f__Nitrospinaceae;g__unclassified Nitrospinaceae genus;s__unclassified Nitrospinaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospinota;c__Nitrospinia;o__Nitrospinales;f__unclassified Nitrospinales family;g__unclassified Nitrospinales genus;s__unclassified Nitrospinales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__Nitrospirales;f__Nitrospiraceae;g__Nitrospira;s__unclassified Nitrospira species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__Nitrospirales;f__Nitrospiraceae;g__unclassified Nitrospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Nitrospiraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__Nitrospirales;f__unclassified Nitrospirales family;g__unclassified Nitrospirales genus;s__unclassified Nitrospirales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__unclassified Nitrospiria order;f__unclassified Nitrospiria family;g__unclassified Nitrospiria genus;s__unclassified Nitrospiria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Candidatus Brocadiia;o__Candidatus Brocadiales;f__Candidatus Scalinduaceae;g__Candidatus Scalindua;s__unclassified Candidatus Scalindua species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Candidatus Brocadiia;o__Candidatus Brocadiales;f__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Candidatus Brocadiia;o__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__Phycisphaerales;f__Phycisphaeraceae;g__Phycisphaera;s__unclassified Phycisphaera species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__Phycisphaerales;f__Phycisphaeraceae;g__unclassified Phycisphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Phycisphaeraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__unclassified Phycisphaerae order;f__unclassified Phycisphaerae family;g__unclassified Phycisphaerae genus;s__unclassified Phycisphaerae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Gemmatales;f__Gemmataceae;g__unclassified Gemmataceae genus;s__unclassified Gemmataceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__Pirellulaceae;g__Blastopirellula;s__unclassified Blastopirellula species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__Pirellulaceae;g__Rhodopirellula;s__unclassified Rhodopirellula species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__Pirellulaceae;g__unclassified Pirellulaceae genus;s__unclassified Pirellulaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__unclassified Pirellulales family;g__unclassified Pirellulales genus;s__unclassified Pirellulales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__Planctomycetaceae;g__unclassified Planctomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__unclassified Planctomycetales family;g__unclassified Planctomycetales genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__unclassified Planctomycetia order;f__unclassified Planctomycetia family;g__unclassified Planctomycetia genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Acidithiobacillia;o__Acidithiobacillales;f__Acidithiobacillaceae;g__Acidithiobacillus;s__unclassified Acidithiobacillus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Acidithiobacillia;o__Acidithiobacillales;f__unclassified Acidithiobacillales family;g__unclassified Acidithiobacillales genus;s__unclassified Acidithiobacillales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas vesicularis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Caulobacter;s__unclassified Caulobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__unclassified Caulobacterales family;g__unclassified Caulobacterales genus;s__unclassified Caulobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Emcibacterales;f__Emcibacteraceae;g__Emcibacter;s__unclassified Emcibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Holosporales;f__Holosporaceae;g__unclassified Holosporaceae genus;s__unclassified Holosporaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Ahrensiaceae;g__Ahrensia;s__unclassified Ahrensia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Aurantimonadaceae;g__Aurantimonas;s__unclassified Aurantimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Aurantimonadaceae;g__Martelella;s__unclassified Martelella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Devosiaceae;g__Devosia;s__unclassified Devosia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Devosiaceae;g__unclassified Devosiaceae genus;s__unclassified Devosiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Hyphomicrobiaceae;g__Filomicrobium;s__unclassified Filomicrobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Hyphomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Hyphomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Hyphomicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Methylobacterium;s__unclassified Methylobacterium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Afipia;s__unclassified Afipia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Bradyrhizobium;s__unclassified Bradyrhizobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Parvibaculaceae;g__Parvibaculum;s__unclassified Parvibaculum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Parvibaculaceae;g__unclassified Parvibaculaceae genus;s__unclassified Parvibaculaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Phyllobacteriaceae;g__Hoeflea;s__unclassified Hoeflea species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Propylenellaceae;g__unclassified Propylenellaceae genus;s__unclassified Propylenellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Neorhizobium;s__unclassified Neorhizobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__unclassified Rhizobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhizobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhodobiaceae;g__unclassified Rhodobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Stappiaceae;g__unclassified Stappiaceae genus;s__unclassified Stappiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomonadales;f__Hyphomonadaceae;g__Hyphomonas;s__unclassified Hyphomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomonadales;f__Hyphomonadaceae;g__unclassified Hyphomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Hyphomonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Kordiimonadales;f__Kordiimonadaceae;g__Kordiimonas;s__unclassified Kordiimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Kordiimonadales;f__Kordiimonadaceae;g__unclassified Kordiimonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Kordiimonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Maricaulales;f__Maricaulaceae;g__Maricaulis;s__unclassified Maricaulis species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Maricaulales;f__Robiginitomaculaceae;g__Hellea;s__unclassified Hellea species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Maricaulales;f__Robiginitomaculaceae;g__Robiginitomaculum;s__unclassified Robiginitomaculum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Pelagibacterales;f__Pelagibacteraceae;g__Candidatus Pelagibacter;s__Candidatus Pelagibacter ubique	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Pelagibacterales;f__Pelagibacteraceae;g__Candidatus Pelagibacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Pelagibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Pelagibacterales;f__Pelagibacteraceae;g__unclassified Pelagibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Pelagibacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Pelagibacterales;f__unclassified Pelagibacterales family;g__Candidatus Fonsibacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Fonsibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Aestuarium;s__unclassified Aestuarium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Boseongicola;s__unclassified Boseongicola species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Defluviimonas;s__unclassified Defluviimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Halocynthiibacter;s__unclassified Halocynthiibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Neptunicoccus;s__unclassified Neptunicoccus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Paracoccus;s__unclassified Paracoccus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Planktomarina;s__unclassified Planktomarina species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Planktotalea;s__unclassified Planktotalea species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Pseudorhodobacter;s__unclassified Pseudorhodobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__unclassified Paracoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Paracoccaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Jannaschia;s__unclassified Jannaschia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Lentibacter;s__Lentibacter algarum	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Loktanella;s__unclassified Loktanella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Lutimaribacter;s__unclassified Lutimaribacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Mameliella;s__unclassified Mameliella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Marinovum;s__unclassified Marinovum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Maritimibacter;s__unclassified Maritimibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Phaeobacter;s__unclassified Phaeobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Roseobacter;s__unclassified Roseobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Roseovarius;s__unclassified Roseovarius species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Sulfitobacter;s__unclassified Sulfitobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__Thalassobius;s__unclassified Thalassobius species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__unclassified Roseobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Roseobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__unclassified Rhodobacterales family;g__unclassified Rhodobacterales genus;s__unclassified Rhodobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Azospirillaceae;g__unclassified Azospirillaceae genus;s__unclassified Azospirillaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Geminicoccaceae;g__Geminicoccus;s__unclassified Geminicoccus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Kiloniellaceae;g__unclassified Kiloniellaceae genus;s__unclassified Kiloniellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Rhodospirillaceae;g__Roseospira;s__unclassified Roseospira species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Rhodospirillaceae;g__unclassified Rhodospirillaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodospirillaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Terasakiellaceae;g__Terasakiella;s__unclassified Terasakiella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Terasakiellaceae;g__unclassified Terasakiellaceae genus;s__unclassified Terasakiellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Thalassobaculaceae;g__Nisaea;s__unclassified Nisaea species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Thalassobaculaceae;g__unclassified Thalassobaculaceae genus;s__unclassified Thalassobaculaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Thalassospiraceae;g__Magnetovibrio;s__unclassified Magnetovibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Thalassospiraceae;g__unclassified Thalassospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Thalassospiraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__unclassified Rhodospirillales family;g__unclassified Rhodospirillales genus;s__unclassified Rhodospirillales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rickettsiales;f__Candidatus Midichloriaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Midichloriaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Midichloriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rickettsiales;f__Rickettsiaceae;g__unclassified Rickettsiaceae genus;s__unclassified Rickettsiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rickettsiales;f__unclassified Rickettsiales family;g__unclassified Rickettsiales genus;s__unclassified Rickettsiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Novosphingobium;s__unclassified Novosphingobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingobium;s__unclassified Sphingobium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingomonas;s__Sphingomonas echinoides	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingopyxis;s__unclassified Sphingopyxis species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingosinithalassobacter;s__unclassified Sphingosinithalassobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__unclassified Sphingomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Sphingomonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__unclassified Sphingomonadales family;g__unclassified Sphingomonadales genus;s__unclassified Sphingomonadales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria family;g__Candidatus Puniceispirillum;s__unclassified Candidatus Puniceispirillum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Pusillimonas;s__unclassified Pusillimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Limnobacter;s__unclassified Limnobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Polynucleobacter;s__unclassified Polynucleobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Ralstonia;s__Ralstonia pickettii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Ralstonia;s__unclassified Ralstonia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__unclassified Burkholderiaceae genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Curvibacter;s__unclassified Curvibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Hydrogenophaga;s__unclassified Hydrogenophaga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Limnohabitans;s__unclassified Limnohabitans species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Variovorax;s__unclassified Variovorax species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Sphaerotilaceae;g__Aquincola;s__unclassified Aquincola species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Gallionellaceae;g__Gallionella;s__unclassified Gallionella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Gallionellaceae;g__unclassified Gallionellaceae genus;s__unclassified Gallionellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__Candidatus Methylopumilus;s__Candidatus Methylopumilus planktonicus	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__Methylobacillus;s__unclassified Methylobacillus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__unclassified Methylophilaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylophilaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Nitrosomonadaceae;g__Nitrosospira;s__unclassified Nitrosospira species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Sulfuricellaceae;g__unclassified Sulfuricellaceae genus;s__unclassified Sulfuricellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Rhodocyclales;f__Rhodocyclaceae;g__unclassified Rhodocyclaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodocyclaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Candidatus Lambdaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Candidatus Lambdaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Lambdaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Lambdaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Lambdaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Acidiferrobacterales;f__Acidiferrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Acidiferrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Acidiferrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Alteromonadaceae;g__Alteromonas;s__Alteromonas macleodii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Alteromonadaceae;g__Alteromonas;s__unclassified Alteromonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Alteromonadaceae;g__Glaciecola;s__unclassified Glaciecola species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Alteromonadaceae;g__unclassified Alteromonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Alteromonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Colwelliaceae;g__Colwellia;s__unclassified Colwellia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Colwelliaceae;g__Thalassomonas;s__unclassified Thalassomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Idiomarinaceae;g__Idiomarina;s__Idiomarina abyssalis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Idiomarinaceae;g__Idiomarina;s__unclassified Idiomarina species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas donghaensis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas issachenkonii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas profundi	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__Pseudoalteromonas shioyasakiensis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__Pseudoalteromonas;s__unclassified Pseudoalteromonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Pseudoalteromonadaceae;g__unclassified Pseudoalteromonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudoalteromonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Psychromonadaceae;g__unclassified Psychromonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Psychromonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Shewanellaceae;g__Shewanella;s__unclassified Shewanella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Shewanellaceae;g__unclassified Shewanellaceae genus;s__unclassified Shewanellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Cellvibrionaceae;g__unclassified Cellvibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Cellvibrionaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Halieaceae;g__Congregibacter;s__unclassified Congregibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Halieaceae;g__Haliea;s__unclassified Haliea species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Halieaceae;g__Halioglobus;s__unclassified Halioglobus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Porticoccaceae;g__unclassified Porticoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Porticoccaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Spongiibacteraceae;g__Spongiibacter;s__unclassified Spongiibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Spongiibacteraceae;g__unclassified Spongiibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Spongiibacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Spongiibacteraceae;g__Zhongshania;s__unclassified Zhongshania species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Spongiibacteraceae;g__Zhongshania;s__Zhongshania aliphaticivorans	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Chromatiaceae;g__Rheinheimera;s__unclassified Rheinheimera species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Chromatiaceae;g__Thiohalocapsa;s__unclassified Thiohalocapsa species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Chromatiaceae;g__unclassified Chromatiaceae genus;s__unclassified Chromatiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Ectothiorhodospiraceae;g__Halorhodospira;s__unclassified Halorhodospira species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Ectothiorhodospiraceae;g__Spiribacter;s__unclassified Spiribacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Ectothiorhodospiraceae;g__Thioalkalivibrio;s__unclassified Thioalkalivibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Ectothiorhodospiraceae;g__unclassified Ectothiorhodospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Ectothiorhodospiraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Granulosicoccaceae;g__unclassified Granulosicoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Granulosicoccaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__unclassified Chromatiales family;g__unclassified Chromatiales genus;s__unclassified Chromatiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Wenzhouxiangellaceae;g__unclassified Wenzhouxiangellaceae genus;s__unclassified Wenzhouxiangellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Woeseiaceae;g__unclassified Woeseiaceae genus;s__unclassified Woeseiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Escherichia;s__Escherichia coli	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__unclassified Enterobacterales family;g__unclassified Enterobacterales genus;s__unclassified Enterobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Kangiellales;f__Kangiellaceae;g__Kangiella;s__unclassified Kangiella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Coxiellaceae;g__Coxiella;s__unclassified Coxiella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Coxiellaceae;g__unclassified Coxiellaceae genus;s__unclassified Coxiellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Legionellaceae;g__Legionella;s__unclassified Legionella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Legionellaceae;g__unclassified Legionellaceae genus;s__unclassified Legionellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__unclassified Legionellales family;g__unclassified Legionellales genus;s__unclassified Legionellales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__Crenotrichaceae;g__Crenothrix;s__unclassified Crenothrix species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__Methylococcaceae;g__Methylomarinum;s__unclassified Methylomarinum species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__Methylococcaceae;g__unclassified Methylococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylococcaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__Methylothermaceae;g__unclassified Methylothermaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylothermaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__unclassified Methylococcales family;g__unclassified Methylococcales genus;s__unclassified Methylococcales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter johnsonii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter junii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Psychrobacter;s__Psychrobacter piscatorii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__unclassified Moraxellaceae genus;s__unclassified Moraxellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Nevskiales;f__Sinobacteraceae;g__unclassified Sinobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Sinobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Nevskiales;f__unclassified Nevskiales family;g__unclassified Nevskiales genus;s__unclassified Nevskiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Alcanivoracaceae;g__Alcanivorax;s__Alcanivorax jadensis	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Alcanivoracaceae;g__Alcanivorax;s__unclassified Alcanivorax species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Alcanivoracaceae;g__unclassified Alcanivoracaceae genus;s__unclassified Alcanivoracaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Balneatrichaceae;g__unclassified Balneatrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Balneatrichaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Cobetia;s__Cobetia marina	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Halomonas;s__Halomonas desiderata	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Halomonas;s__Halomonas titanicae	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Halomonas;s__unclassified Halomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Salinicola;s__Salinicola salarius	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Litorivicinaceae;g__Litorivicinus;s__unclassified Litorivicinus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Oceanospirillaceae;g__Marinobacterium;s__unclassified Marinobacterium species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Oceanospirillaceae;g__Neptunomonas;s__unclassified Neptunomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Oceanospirillaceae;g__Oleibacter;s__unclassified Oleibacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Oceanospirillaceae;g__Thalassolituus;s__unclassified Thalassolituus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Oceanospirillaceae;g__unclassified Oceanospirillaceae genus;s__unclassified Oceanospirillaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Pleioneaceae;g__unclassified Pleioneaceae genus;s__unclassified Pleioneaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Saccharospirillaceae;g__Reinekea;s__Reinekea forsetii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Marinobacteraceae;g__Marinobacter;s__Marinobacter adhaerens	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Marinobacteraceae;g__Marinobacter;s__Marinobacter nauticus	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Marinobacteraceae;g__Marinobacter;s__unclassified Marinobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Halopseudomonas;s__Halopseudomonas aestusnigri	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Halopseudomonas;s__Halopseudomonas sabulinigri	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas veronii	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__unclassified Pseudomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__unclassified Pseudomonadales family;g__unclassified Pseudomonadales genus;s__unclassified Pseudomonadales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Salinisphaerales;f__Salinisphaeraceae;g__Salinisphaera;s__unclassified Salinisphaera species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Salinisphaerales;f__unclassified Salinisphaerales family;g__unclassified Salinisphaerales genus;s__unclassified Salinisphaerales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Francisellaceae;g__unclassified Francisellaceae genus;s__unclassified Francisellaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Piscirickettsiaceae;g__Hydrogenovibrio;s__unclassified Hydrogenovibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Piscirickettsiaceae;g__Methylophaga;s__Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Piscirickettsiaceae;g__Methylophaga;s__unclassified Methylophaga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Piscirickettsiaceae;g__Thiosulfatimonas;s__unclassified Thiosulfatimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Piscirickettsiaceae;g__unclassified Piscirickettsiaceae genus;s__unclassified Piscirickettsiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Thiotrichaceae;g__Beggiatoa;s__unclassified Beggiatoa species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Thiotrichaceae;g__Candidatus Marithrix;s__unclassified Candidatus Marithrix species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Thiotrichaceae;g__unclassified Thiotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Thiotrichaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__unclassified Thiotrichales family;g__unclassified Thiotrichales genus;s__unclassified Thiotrichales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__Candidatus Ruthia;s__unclassified Candidatus Ruthia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__Candidatus Thioglobus;s__unclassified Candidatus Thioglobus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__Pseudohongiella;s__unclassified Pseudohongiella species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__Sedimenticola;s__unclassified Sedimenticola species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Vibrionales;f__Vibrionaceae;g__Vibrio;s__unclassified Vibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Rhodanobacteraceae;g__unclassified Rhodanobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodanobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Lysobacter;s__unclassified Lysobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__unclassified Stenotrophomonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__unclassified Xanthomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Xanthomonadaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__unclassified Pseudomonadota class;o__unclassified Pseudomonadota order;f__unclassified Pseudomonadota family;g__unclassified Pseudomonadota genus;s__unclassified Pseudomonadota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Zetaproteobacteria;o__Mariprofundales;f__Mariprofundaceae;g__unclassified Mariprofundaceae genus;s__unclassified Mariprofundaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Rhodothermota;c__Rhodothermia;o__Rhodothermales;f__Rubricoccaceae;g__Rubrivirga;s__unclassified Rubrivirga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Rhodothermota;c__Rhodothermia;o__Rhodothermales;f__Rubricoccaceae;g__unclassified Rubricoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Rubricoccaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Rhodothermota;c__Rhodothermia;o__Rhodothermales;f__Salinibacteraceae;g__Salinivenus;s__unclassified Salinivenus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Leptospirales;f__Leptospiraceae;g__unclassified Leptospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Leptospiraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Sphaerochaetaceae;g__Sphaerochaeta;s__unclassified Sphaerochaeta species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Spirochaetaceae;g__Sediminispirochaeta;s__unclassified Sediminispirochaeta species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Spirochaetaceae;g__Spirochaeta;s__unclassified Spirochaeta species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Spirochaetaceae;g__unclassified Spirochaetaceae genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__unclassified Spirochaetales family;g__unclassified Spirochaetales genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__unclassified Spirochaetia order;f__unclassified Spirochaetia family;g__unclassified Spirochaetia genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetia species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__unclassified Spirochaetota class;o__unclassified Spirochaetota order;f__unclassified Spirochaetota family;g__unclassified Spirochaetota genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfarculia;o__Desulfarculales;f__Desulfarculaceae;g__unclassified Desulfarculaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfarculaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobaccia;o__Desulfobaccales;f__Desulfobaccaceae;g__Desulfobacca;s__unclassified Desulfobacca species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__Desulfobacteraceae;g__Desulfobacter;s__unclassified Desulfobacter species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__Desulfobacteraceae;g__Desulfobacula;s__unclassified Desulfobacula species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__Desulfobacteraceae;g__unclassified Desulfobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__unclassified Desulfobacterales family;g__unclassified Desulfobacterales genus;s__unclassified Desulfobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobulbia;o__Desulfobulbales;f__Desulfobulbaceae;g__unclassified Desulfobulbaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfobulbaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobulbia;o__Desulfobulbales;f__Desulfocapsaceae;g__Desulfocapsa;s__unclassified Desulfocapsa species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobulbia;o__Desulfobulbales;f__Desulfocapsaceae;g__Desulfofustis;s__unclassified Desulfofustis species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfovibrionia;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfohalobiaceae;g__unclassified Desulfohalobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfohalobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfovibrionia;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__Desulfovibrio;s__unclassified Desulfovibrio species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfovibrionia;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__unclassified Desulfovibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfovibrionaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Desulfuromonadales;f__Desulfuromonadaceae;g__Desulfuromonas;s__unclassified Desulfuromonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Geobacterales;f__Geobacteraceae;g__unclassified Geobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Geobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophia;o__Syntrophales;f__Syntrophaceae;g__unclassified Syntrophaceae genus;s__unclassified Syntrophaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophobacteria;o__Syntrophobacterales;f__Syntrophobacteraceae;g__unclassified Syntrophobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Syntrophobacteraceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophobacteria;o__Syntrophobacterales;f__unclassified Syntrophobacterales family;g__unclassified Syntrophobacterales genus;s__unclassified Syntrophobacterales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophorhabdia;o__Syntrophorhabdales;f__Syntrophorhabdaceae;g__unclassified Syntrophorhabdaceae genus;s__unclassified Syntrophorhabdaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Thermodesulfobacteria;o__Thermodesulfobacteriales;f__Thermodesulfatatoraceae;g__Thermodesulfatator;s__Thermodesulfatator atlanticus	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Thermodesulfobacteria;o__Thermodesulfobacteriales;f__Thermodesulfobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Thermodesulfobacteria;o__Thermodesulfobacteriales;f__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriales family;g__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Thermodesulfobacteria;o__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteria order;f__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteria family;g__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteria genus;s__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__Kosmotogales;f__Kosmotogaceae;g__Kosmotoga;s__unclassified Kosmotoga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__Mesoaciditogales;f__Mesoaciditogaceae;g__Mesoaciditoga;s__unclassified Mesoaciditoga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__Thermotogales;f__Fervidobacteriaceae;g__Thermosipho;s__unclassified Thermosipho species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__Thermotogales;f__Thermotogaceae;g__Thermotoga;s__unclassified Thermotoga species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__Thermotogales;f__Thermotogaceae;g__unclassified Thermotogaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermotogaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__unclassified Thermotogae order;f__unclassified Thermotogae family;g__unclassified Thermotogae genus;s__unclassified Thermotogae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Candidatus Babeliae;o__Candidatus Babeliales;f__unclassified Candidatus Babeliales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Babeliales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Babeliales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__unclassified Bacteria class;o__unclassified Bacteria order;f__unclassified Bacteria family;g__Candidatus Stahlbacteria;s__unclassified Candidatus Stahlbacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__unclassified Bacteria class;o__unclassified Bacteria order;f__unclassified Bacteria family;g__unclassified Bacteria genus;s__unclassified Bacteria species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Opitutales;f__Opitutaceae;g__unclassified Opitutaceae genus;s__unclassified Opitutaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Puniceicoccales;f__Puniceicoccaceae;g__Coraliomargarita;s__unclassified Coraliomargarita species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Puniceicoccales;f__Puniceicoccaceae;g__unclassified Puniceicoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Puniceicoccaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Puniceicoccales;f__unclassified Puniceicoccales family;g__unclassified Puniceicoccales genus;s__unclassified Puniceicoccales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__unclassified Opitutae order;f__unclassified Opitutae family;g__unclassified Opitutae genus;s__unclassified Opitutae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Terrimicrobiia;o__Terrimicrobiales;f__unclassified Terrimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Terrimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Terrimicrobiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota class;o__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota order;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota family;g__Lentimonas;s__unclassified Lentimonas species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota class;o__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota order;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota family;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Akkermansiaceae;g__unclassified Akkermansiaceae genus;s__unclassified Akkermansiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobiaceae;g__Brevifollis;s__unclassified Brevifollis species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobiaceae;g__Roseibacillus;s__unclassified Roseibacillus species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3;g__Pedosphaera;s__unclassified Pedosphaera species	Bacteria
marine	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3 genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3 species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces bouchesdurhonensis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces israelii	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces marseillensis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces naeslundii	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces oris	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__unclassified Actinomyces species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Ancrocorticia;s__unclassified Ancrocorticia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__Schaalia cardiffensis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__Schaalia odontolytica	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__Schaalia turicensis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__unclassified Schaalia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Trueperella;s__Trueperella pyogenes	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Actinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__Bifidobacterium longum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Bifidobacterium;s__unclassified Bifidobacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Bifidobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Bifidobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Kitasatosporales;f__Streptomycetaceae;g__Streptantibioticus;s__Streptantibioticus cattleyicolor	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Kytococcaceae;g__Kytococcus;s__Kytococcus sedentarius	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Curtobacterium;s__unclassified Curtobacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Rothia;s__Rothia dentocariosa	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Rothia;s__Rothia mucilaginosa	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Promicromonosporaceae;g__Isoptericola;s__Isoptericola variabilis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__unclassified Corynebacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Lawsonellaceae;g__Lawsonella;s__Lawsonella clevelandensis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Arachnia;s__Arachnia propionica	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Cutibacterium;s__Cutibacterium acnes	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Propionibacterium;s__unclassified Propionibacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Tessaracoccus;s__unclassified Tessaracoccus species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Atopobium;s__unclassified Atopobium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Lancefieldella;s__Lancefieldella parvula	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Olsenella;s__Olsenella uli	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Olsenella;s__unclassified Olsenella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Cryptobacterium;s__unclassified Cryptobacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__unclassified Bacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacillaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__unclassified Staphylococcus species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Aerococcaceae;g__Vaginisenegalia;s__unclassified Vaginisenegalia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__Carnobacterium;s__Carnobacterium maltaromaticum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__Granulicatella;s__Granulicatella adiacens	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__Granulicatella;s__unclassified Granulicatella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lacticaseibacillus;s__Lacticaseibacillus casei	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__Lactobacillus gasseri	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__unclassified Lactobacillus species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus anginosus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus constellatus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus cristatus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus gordonii	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus mitis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus mutans	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus oralis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus parasanguinis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus periodonticum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus salivarius	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus sanguinis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__unclassified Streptococcus species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__unclassified Clostridium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__Mogibacterium;s__unclassified Mogibacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__unclassified Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis genus;s__[Eubacterium] brachy	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__unclassified Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis genus;s__[Eubacterium] saphenum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__unclassified Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis genus;s__[Eubacterium] sulci	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Butyrivibrio;s__unclassified Butyrivibrio species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoanaerobaculum;s__Lachnoanaerobaculum saburreum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoanaerobaculum;s__unclassified Lachnoanaerobaculum species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Lachnoclostridium;s__unclassified Lachnoclostridium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Stomatobaculum;s__Stomatobaculum longum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__unclassified Lachnospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Lachnospiraceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Solobacterium;s__Solobacterium moorei	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__Stecheria;s__unclassified Stecheria species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__unclassified Erysipelotrichales family;g__unclassified Erysipelotrichales genus;s__unclassified Erysipelotrichales species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Mitsuokella;s__unclassified Mitsuokella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Schwartzia;s__unclassified Schwartzia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Selenomonas;s__Selenomonas artemidis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Selenomonas;s__Selenomonas felix	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Selenomonas;s__Selenomonas massiliensis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Selenomonas;s__Selenomonas noxia	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__Selenomonadaceae;g__Selenomonas;s__unclassified Selenomonas species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Colibacter;s__unclassified Colibacter species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Dialister;s__Dialister pneumosintes	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Dialister;s__unclassified Dialister species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Megasphaera;s__Megasphaera micronuciformis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__unclassified Veillonellaceae genus;s__unclassified Veillonellaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Veillonella;s__unclassified Veillonella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Veillonella;s__Veillonella parvula	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__unclassified Peptoniphilaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptoniphilaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Phocaeicola;s__unclassified Phocaeicola species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__Porphyromonas somerae	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__unclassified Porphyromonas species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Alloprevotella;s__Alloprevotella tannerae	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotellamassilia;s__unclassified Prevotellamassilia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella dentalis	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella melaninogenica	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__unclassified Prevotella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__unclassified Prevotellaceae genus;s__unclassified Prevotellaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Tannerella;s__Tannerella forsythia	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Tannerella;s__unclassified Tannerella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__unclassified Bacteroidales family;g__unclassified Bacteroidales genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidales species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Bergeyella;s__Bergeyella cardium	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Bergeyella;s__unclassified Bergeyella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Cloacibacterium;s__Cloacibacterium normanense	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__unclassified Weeksellaceae genus;s__unclassified Weeksellaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__unclassified Bacteroidota class;o__unclassified Bacteroidota order;f__unclassified Bacteroidota family;g__unclassified Bacteroidota genus;s__Candidatus [Bacteroides] periocalifornicus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter;s__Campylobacter concisus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter;s__Campylobacter rectus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter;s__unclassified Campylobacter species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae;g__Candidatus Nanosynbacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacter species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Saccharimonadales;f__Candidatus Saccharimonadaceae;g__Candidatus Saccharimonas;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonas species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__Anaerolineaceae;g__Leptolinea;s__unclassified Leptolinea species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__Fusobacterium;s__Fusobacterium nucleatum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__Fusobacterium;s__Fusobacterium pseudoperiodonticum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Fusobacteriaceae;g__Fusobacterium;s__unclassified Fusobacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Leptotrichiaceae;g__Leptotrichia;s__Leptotrichia wadei	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Fusobacteriota;c__Fusobacteriia;o__Fusobacteriales;f__Leptotrichiaceae;g__Leptotrichia;s__unclassified Leptotrichia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Lautropia;s__unclassified Lautropia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__unclassified Burkholderiaceae genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Eikenella;s__Eikenella corrodens	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Kingella;s__Kingella bonacorsii	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Kingella;s__Kingella denitrificans	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Kingella;s__unclassified Kingella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria mucosa	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria sicca	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria subflava	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__unclassified Neisseria species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__unclassified Neisseriaceae genus;s__unclassified Neisseriaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Rhodocyclales;f__Azonexaceae;g__Dechloromonas;s__Dechloromonas agitata	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Escherichia;s__unclassified Escherichia species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Moraxella;s__unclassified Moraxella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Aggregatibacter;s__Aggregatibacter aphrophilus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Aggregatibacter;s__Aggregatibacter kilianii	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__Haemophilus parahaemolyticus	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__Haemophilus parainfluenzae	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__unclassified Haemophilus species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__unclassified Pasteurellaceae genus;s__unclassified Pasteurellaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Francisellaceae;g__Francisella;s__unclassified Francisella species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__unclassified Xanthomonadales family;g__unclassified Xanthomonadales genus;s__unclassified Xanthomonadales species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Treponemataceae;g__Treponema;s__Treponema lecithinolyticum	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Treponemataceae;g__Treponema;s__unclassified Treponema species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Treponemataceae;g__unclassified Treponemataceae genus;s__unclassified Treponemataceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__Aminobacteriaceae;g__Fretibacterium;s__unclassified Fretibacterium species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__Synergistaceae;g__unclassified Synergistaceae genus;s__unclassified Synergistaceae species	Bacteria
oral	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobulbia;o__Desulfobulbales;f__Desulfobulbaceae;g__Desulfobulbus;s__unclassified Desulfobulbus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces ihuae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces naeslundii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__Actinomyces oris	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinomyces;s__unclassified Actinomyces species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Actinotignum;s__Actinotignum schaalii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Ancrocorticia;s__unclassified Ancrocorticia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Fannyhessea;s__Fannyhessea vaginae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__Schaalia odontolytica	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Schaalia;s__unclassified Schaalia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Trueperella;s__unclassified Trueperella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Actinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Varibaculum;s__unclassified Varibaculum species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Varibaculum;s__Varibaculum cambriense	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__Winkia;s__Winkia neuii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Gardnerella;s__Gardnerella leopoldii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Gardnerella;s__Gardnerella piotii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Gardnerella;s__Gardnerella swidsinskii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Bifidobacteriales;f__Bifidobacteriaceae;g__Gardnerella;s__Gardnerella vaginalis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Geodermatophilales;f__Geodermatophilaceae;g__unclassified Geodermatophilaceae genus;s__unclassified Geodermatophilaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Kitasatosporales;f__Streptomycetaceae;g__Streptomyces;s__Streptomyces cinereus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__Brevibacterium casei	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__Brevibacterium luteolum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__unclassified Brevibacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Cellulomonas;s__unclassified Cellulomonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Dermabacteraceae;g__Dermabacter;s__Dermabacter jinjuensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Dermabacteraceae;g__Helcobacillus;s__Helcobacillus massiliensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Dermabacteraceae;g__Helcobacillus;s__unclassified Helcobacillus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Arsenicicoccus;s__unclassified Arsenicicoccus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Janibacter;s__Janibacter massiliensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Janibacter;s__unclassified Janibacter species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__unclassified Intrasporangiaceae genus;s__unclassified Intrasporangiaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Kytococcaceae;g__Kytococcus;s__Kytococcus sedentarius	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Kytococcaceae;g__Kytococcus;s__unclassified Kytococcus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Curtobacterium;s__unclassified Curtobacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__unclassified Microbacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Pseudoclavibacter;s__unclassified Pseudoclavibacter species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__unclassified Microbacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Microbacteriaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Garicola;s__unclassified Garicola species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria indica	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria marina	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria massiliensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria palustris	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria rhizophila	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__Kocuria varians	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Kocuria;s__unclassified Kocuria species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Micrococcus;s__Micrococcus luteus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Micrococcus;s__Micrococcus terreus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Micrococcus;s__unclassified Micrococcus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Pseudoglutamicibacter;s__Pseudoglutamicibacter albus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Rothia;s__Rothia dentocariosa	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Rothia;s__Rothia mucilaginosa	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Promicromonosporaceae;g__Isoptericola;s__Isoptericola variabilis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micromonosporales;f__Micromonosporaceae;g__Plantactinospora;s__Plantactinospora veratri	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium accolens	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium amycolatum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium aurimucosum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium crenatum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium falsenii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium genitalium	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium glaucum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium glyciniphilum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium hadale	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium ihumii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium jeikeium	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium minutissimum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium mycetoides	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium pseudogenitalium	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium segmentosum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium tuberculostearicum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium ureicelerivorans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__Corynebacterium vitaeruminis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__unclassified Corynebacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Dietziaceae;g__Dietzia;s__Dietzia papillomatosis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Gordoniaceae;g__Gordonia;s__unclassified Gordonia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Lawsonellaceae;g__Lawsonella;s__Lawsonella clevelandensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycobacterium;s__Mycobacterium gordonae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycobacterium;s__Mycobacterium kyogaense	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycobacterium;s__unclassified Mycobacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycolicibacterium;s__Mycolicibacterium bacteremicum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycolicibacterium;s__Mycolicibacterium phocaicum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Mycobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Mycobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Nocardia;s__Nocardia farcinica	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__Rhodococcus fascians	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__Rhodococcus kroppenstedtii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Aeromicrobium;s__unclassified Aeromicrobium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Marmoricola;s__unclassified Marmoricola species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Arachnia;s__[Pseudopropionibacterium] massiliense	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Cutibacterium;s__Cutibacterium acnes	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Propionibacterium;s__unclassified Propionibacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Tessaracoccus;s__unclassified Tessaracoccus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Coriobacteriales;f__Atopobiaceae;g__Atopobium;s__unclassified Atopobium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Coriobacteriia;o__Eggerthellales;f__Eggerthellaceae;g__Adlercreutzia;s__unclassified Adlercreutzia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus paralicheniformis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus thuringiensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Lysinibacillus;s__Lysinibacillus fusiformis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Priestia;s__Priestia flexa	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Brevibacillus;s__Brevibacillus laterosporus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__Paenibacillus xylanexedens	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__unclassified Paenibacillus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Planococcaceae;g__unclassified Planococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Planococcaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Jeotgalicoccus;s__unclassified Jeotgalicoccus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Macrococcus;s__Macrococcus epidermidis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus aureus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus casei	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus cohnii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus devriesei	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus epidermidis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus haemolyticus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus saccharolyticus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus saprophyticus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus schleiferi	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus simulans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus warneri	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__Staphylococcus xylosus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__Staphylococcus;s__unclassified Staphylococcus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__unclassified Staphylococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Staphylococcaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Aerococcaceae;g__Facklamia;s__unclassified Facklamia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Aerococcaceae;g__Falseniella;s__Falseniella ignava	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Aerococcaceae;g__Vaginisenegalia;s__unclassified Vaginisenegalia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__Granulicatella;s__Granulicatella adiacens	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Carnobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Carnobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Carnobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Enterococcaceae;g__Enterococcus;s__Enterococcus faecalis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__Lactobacillus acidophilus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__Lactobacillus delbrueckii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Lactobacillus;s__unclassified Lactobacillus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Leuconostoc;s__Leuconostoc mesenteroides	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Lactobacillaceae;g__Leuconostoc;s__unclassified Leuconostoc species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Lactococcus;s__Lactococcus lactis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus agalactiae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus cristatus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus dysgalactiae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus gordonii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus mitis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus pneumoniae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus sanguinis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__Streptococcus thermophilus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__unclassified Streptococcus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__unclassified Clostridium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__unclassified Clostridiaceae genus;s__unclassified Clostridiaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Eubacteriales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis;g__Casaltella;s__unclassified Casaltella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Blautia;s__Blautia wexlerae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Mediterraneibacter;s__[Ruminococcus] torques	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__Roseburia;s__unclassified Roseburia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__unclassified Lachnospiraceae genus;s__[Eubacterium] rectale	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Faecalibacterium;s__Faecalibacterium prausnitzii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Fastidiosipila;s__unclassified Fastidiosipila species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus bicirculans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__Ruminococcus bromii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__unclassified Ruminococcus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__Candidatus Cibiobacter;s__Candidatus Cibiobacter qucibialis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__Gemmiger;s__Gemmiger formicilis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Acidaminococcales;f__Acidaminococcaceae;g__Acidaminococcus;s__Acidaminococcus intestini	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Dialister;s__unclassified Dialister species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Megasphaera;s__unclassified Megasphaera species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Negativicoccus;s__Negativicoccus succinicivorans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Veillonella;s__unclassified Veillonella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Veillonellales;f__Veillonellaceae;g__Veillonella;s__Veillonella parvula	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Anaerosphaera;s__unclassified Anaerosphaera species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Finegoldia;s__Finegoldia magna	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__Peptoniphilus coxii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__Peptoniphilus duerdenii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__Peptoniphilus harei	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__Peptoniphilus pacaensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__Peptoniphilus rhinitidis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__Peptoniphilus;s__unclassified Peptoniphilus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__Peptoniphilaceae;g__unclassified Peptoniphilaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptoniphilaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides fragilis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__Bacteroides xylanisolvens	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__unclassified Bacteroides species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Phocaeicola;s__Phocaeicola dorei	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Phocaeicola;s__Phocaeicola vulgatus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Phocaeicola;s__unclassified Phocaeicola species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__Porphyromonas bennonis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__Porphyromonas cangingivalis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__Porphyromonas somerae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Porphyromonas;s__unclassified Porphyromonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Hoylesella;s__Hoylesella buccalis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotellamassilia;s__unclassified Prevotellamassilia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella copri	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__Prevotella melaninogenica	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__Prevotella;s__unclassified Prevotella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__Alistipes finegoldii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Rikenellaceae;g__Alistipes;s__unclassified Alistipes species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Tannerellaceae;g__Parabacteroides;s__Parabacteroides distasonis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__unclassified Bacteroidales family;g__Candidatus Cryptobacteroides;s__unclassified Candidatus Cryptobacteroides species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__unclassified Flavobacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Bergeyella;s__unclassified Bergeyella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Chryseobacterium;s__Chryseobacterium taklimakanense	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Chryseobacterium;s__unclassified Chryseobacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Empedobacter;s__Empedobacter falsenii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__unclassified Weeksellaceae genus;s__unclassified Weeksellaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Pedobacter;s__unclassified Pedobacter species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Sphingobacterium;s__Sphingobacterium multivorum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Sphingobacterium;s__Sphingobacterium spiritivorum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__Bdellovibrio;s__unclassified Bdellovibrio species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__Micavibrio;s__unclassified Micavibrio species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Campylobacteraceae;g__Campylobacter;s__Campylobacter ureolyticus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Saccharimonadales;f__Candidatus Saccharimonadaceae;g__Candidatus Saccharimonas;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Chlamydiota;c__Chlamydiia;o__Parachlamydiales;f__unclassified Parachlamydiales family;g__unclassified Parachlamydiales genus;s__unclassified Parachlamydiales species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Chroococcidiopsidales;f__Chroococcidiopsidaceae;g__unclassified Chroococcidiopsidaceae genus;s__unclassified Chroococcidiopsidaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Sirenicapillariaceae;g__Limnospira;s__Limnospira indica	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Deinococcales;f__Deinococcaceae;g__Deinococcus;s__unclassified Deinococcus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas bullata	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Brevundimonas;s__Brevundimonas nasdae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Brucellaceae;g__Brucella;s__Brucella pituitosa	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Hyphomicrobiaceae;g__Hyphomicrobium;s__unclassified Hyphomicrobium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Methylobacterium;s__Methylobacterium radiotolerans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__Methylobacterium;s__unclassified Methylobacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Agrobacterium;s__unclassified Agrobacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Rhizobium;s__Rhizobium pusense	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales family;g__Enhydrobacter;s__unclassified Enhydrobacter species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Paracoccus;s__Paracoccus haeundaensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Paracoccus;s__unclassified Paracoccus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__unclassified Roseobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Roseobacteraceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Roseomonas;s__unclassified Roseomonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__unclassified Acetobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Acetobacteraceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Novosphingobium;s__unclassified Novosphingobium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingobium;s__unclassified Sphingobium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingosinithalassobacter;s__unclassified Sphingosinithalassobacter species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Achromobacter;s__Achromobacter insolitus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Achromobacter;s__Achromobacter xylosoxidans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Caballeronia;s__unclassified Caballeronia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Lautropia;s__unclassified Lautropia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__unclassified Burkholderiaceae genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Comamonas;s__Comamonas terrigena	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Rhodoferax;s__unclassified Rhodoferax species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Massilia;s__unclassified Massilia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Aquabacterium;s__unclassified Aquabacterium species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Morococcus;s__Morococcus cerebrosus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria meningitidis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria perflava	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria sicca	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__Neisseria subflava	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Neisseria;s__unclassified Neisseria species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__Prolinoborus;s__Prolinoborus fasciculus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__unclassified Neisseriaceae genus;s__unclassified Neisseriaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Sterolibacteriaceae;g__Methyloversatilis;s__Methyloversatilis discipulorum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Aeromonadales;f__Aeromonadaceae;g__Aeromonas;s__Aeromonas media	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Shewanellaceae;g__Shewanella;s__Shewanella oneidensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Chromatiaceae;g__Rheinheimera;s__Rheinheimera tangshanensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Chromatiaceae;g__Rheinheimera;s__unclassified Rheinheimera species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Citrobacter;s__Citrobacter koseri	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Enterobacter;s__Enterobacter hormaechei	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Escherichia;s__Escherichia coli	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Klebsiella;s__Klebsiella pasteurii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Klebsiella;s__Klebsiella pneumoniae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Erwinia;s__unclassified Erwinia species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Kalamiella;s__Kalamiella piersonii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Mixta;s__unclassified Mixta species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Pantoea;s__Pantoea agglomerans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Pantoea;s__Pantoea vagans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Pantoea;s__unclassified Pantoea species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Yersiniaceae;g__Serratia;s__Serratia marcescens	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter baumannii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter bereziniae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter johnsonii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter parvus	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__Acinetobacter pittii	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__unclassified Acinetobacter species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Moraxella;s__Moraxella catarrhalis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Moraxella;s__Moraxella osloensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Moraxella;s__unclassified Moraxella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Psychrobacter;s__Psychrobacter pulmonis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__Haemophilus influenzae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__Haemophilus parainfluenzae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Haemophilus;s__unclassified Haemophilus species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__Pasteurella;s__Pasteurella bettyae	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__unclassified Pasteurellaceae genus;s__unclassified Pasteurellaceae species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas aeruginosa	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas alcaligenes	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas atacamensis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas edaphica	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas helleri	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas multiresinivorans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas nitroreducens	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas oleovorans	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas paracarnis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas putida	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas sediminis	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas yamanorum	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__unclassified Pseudomonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Francisellaceae;g__Francisella;s__unclassified Francisella species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Luteimonas;s__unclassified Luteimonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Pseudoxanthomonas;s__unclassified Pseudoxanthomonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__unclassified Stenotrophomonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Xanthomonas;s__unclassified Xanthomonas species	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Xanthomonas;s__Xanthomonas campestris	Bacteria
skin	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__Synergistaceae;g__unclassified Synergistaceae genus;s__unclassified Synergistaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__Methanomassiliicoccales;f__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccales family;g__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccales genus;s__unclassified Methanomassiliicoccales species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__Thermoplasmata;o__unclassified Thermoplasmata order;f__unclassified Thermoplasmata family;g__unclassified Thermoplasmata genus;s__unclassified Thermoplasmata species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Thermoplasmatota;c__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Thermoplasmatota species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Candidatus Woesearchaeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Woesearchaeota species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Halobacteriales;f__Haloarculaceae;g__Natronomonas;s__unclassified Natronomonas species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Halobacteriales;f__Halobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Halobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Halobacteriaceae species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Halobacteriales;f__Halococcaceae;g__unclassified Halococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Halococcaceae species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Halobacteria;o__Haloferacales;f__Haloferacaceae;g__Halobellus;s__unclassified Halobellus species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanobacteria;o__Methanobacteriales;f__Methanobacteriaceae;g__Methanobacterium;s__unclassified Methanobacterium species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanomicrobiales;f__Methanomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Methanomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Methanomicrobiaceae species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanomicrobiales;f__Methanoregulaceae;g__Methanoregula;s__unclassified Methanoregula species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__Candidatus Methanoperedenaceae;g__Candidatus Methanoperedens;s__unclassified Candidatus Methanoperedens species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__Methanosarcinaceae;g__Methanosarcina;s__unclassified Methanosarcina species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanosarcinales;f__unclassified Methanosarcinales family;g__unclassified Methanosarcinales genus;s__unclassified Methanosarcinales species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__Methanotrichales;f__Methanotrichaceae;g__Methanothrix;s__unclassified Methanothrix species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Methanomicrobia;o__unclassified Methanomicrobia order;f__unclassified Methanomicrobia family;g__unclassified Methanomicrobia genus;s__unclassified Methanomicrobia species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Euryarchaeota;c__Nanohaloarchaea;o__unclassified Nanohaloarchaea order;f__unclassified Nanohaloarchaea family;g__Candidatus Nanosalina;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosalina species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__Conexivisphaeria;o__unclassified Conexivisphaeria order;f__unclassified Conexivisphaeria family;g__unclassified Conexivisphaeria genus;s__unclassified Conexivisphaeria species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__Nitrososphaeria;o__Nitrososphaerales;f__Nitrososphaeraceae;g__Nitrososphaera;s__unclassified Nitrososphaera species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__Nitrosopumilales;f__Nitrosopumilaceae;g__Nitrosopumilus;s__unclassified Nitrosopumilus species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__Nitrosopumilales;f__Nitrosopumilaceae;g__unclassified Nitrosopumilaceae genus;s__unclassified Nitrosopumilaceae species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__Nitrosopumilales;f__unclassified Nitrosopumilales family;g__unclassified Nitrosopumilales genus;s__unclassified Nitrosopumilales species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__Nitrososphaerota;c__unclassified Nitrososphaerota class;o__unclassified Nitrososphaerota order;f__unclassified Nitrososphaerota family;g__Candidatus Nitrosotalea;s__unclassified Candidatus Nitrosotalea species	Archaea
soil	k__Archaea;p__unclassified Archaea phylum;c__unclassified Archaea class;o__unclassified Archaea order;f__unclassified Archaea family;g__unclassified Archaea genus;s__unclassified Archaea species	Archaea
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Blastocatellia;o__Blastocatellales;f__unclassified Blastocatellales family;g__unclassified Blastocatellales genus;s__unclassified Blastocatellales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Blastocatellia;o__unclassified Blastocatellia order;f__unclassified Blastocatellia family;g__Chloracidobacterium;s__unclassified Chloracidobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Holophagae;o__Holophagales;f__unclassified Holophagales family;g__unclassified Holophagales genus;s__unclassified Holophagales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Bryobacterales;f__Solibacteraceae;g__Candidatus Solibacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Solibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Acidobacterium;s__unclassified Acidobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Candidatus Sulfotelmatomonas;s__unclassified Candidatus Sulfotelmatomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Granulicella;s__unclassified Granulicella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__Terriglobus;s__unclassified Terriglobus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__Acidobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Acidobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Acidobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__Terriglobales;f__unclassified Terriglobales family;g__unclassified Terriglobales genus;s__unclassified Terriglobales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Terriglobia;o__unclassified Terriglobia order;f__unclassified Terriglobia family;g__unclassified Terriglobia genus;s__unclassified Terriglobia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__Thermoanaerobaculia;o__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculia order;f__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculia family;g__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculia genus;s__unclassified Thermoanaerobaculia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Acidobacteriota;c__unclassified Acidobacteriota class;o__unclassified Acidobacteriota order;f__unclassified Acidobacteriota family;g__unclassified Acidobacteriota genus;s__unclassified Acidobacteriota species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Acidimicrobiaceae;g__Ferrimicrobium;s__unclassified Ferrimicrobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Acidimicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__Ilumatobacteraceae;g__unclassified Ilumatobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Ilumatobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__Acidimicrobiales;f__unclassified Acidimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Acidimicrobiia;o__unclassified Acidimicrobiia order;f__unclassified Acidimicrobiia family;g__unclassified Acidimicrobiia genus;s__unclassified Acidimicrobiia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Acidothermales;f__unclassified Acidothermales family;g__unclassified Acidothermales genus;s__unclassified Acidothermales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Actinomycetales;f__Actinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Actinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae;g__Candidatus Planktophila;s__unclassified Candidatus Planktophila species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Candidatus Nanopelagicales;f__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanopelagicales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Frankiales;f__Frankiaceae;g__Frankia;s__unclassified Frankia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Frankiales;f__Frankiaceae;g__unclassified Frankiaceae genus;s__unclassified Frankiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Kineosporiales;f__Kineosporiaceae;g__unclassified Kineosporiaceae genus;s__unclassified Kineosporiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Kitasatosporales;f__Streptomycetaceae;g__unclassified Streptomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Streptomycetaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Brevibacteriaceae;g__Brevibacterium;s__unclassified Brevibacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Actinotalea;s__unclassified Actinotalea species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__Cellulomonas;s__unclassified Cellulomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Cellulomonadaceae;g__unclassified Cellulomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Cellulomonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__Phycicoccus;s__unclassified Phycicoccus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Intrasporangiaceae;g__unclassified Intrasporangiaceae genus;s__unclassified Intrasporangiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__Microbacterium;s__unclassified Microbacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Microbacteriaceae;g__unclassified Microbacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Microbacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__Arthrobacter;s__unclassified Arthrobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Micrococcaceae;g__unclassified Micrococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Micrococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__Promicromonosporaceae;g__Cellulosimicrobium;s__unclassified Cellulosimicrobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micrococcales;f__unclassified Micrococcales family;g__unclassified Micrococcales genus;s__unclassified Micrococcales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micromonosporales;f__Micromonosporaceae;g__Dactylosporangium;s__unclassified Dactylosporangium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Micromonosporales;f__Micromonosporaceae;g__unclassified Micromonosporaceae genus;s__unclassified Micromonosporaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Corynebacteriaceae;g__Corynebacterium;s__unclassified Corynebacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycobacterium;s__unclassified Mycobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Mycobacteriaceae;g__Mycolicibacter;s__Mycolicibacter kumamotonensis	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Nocardia;s__unclassified Nocardia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Mycobacteriales;f__Nocardiaceae;g__Rhodococcus;s__Rhodococcus qingshengii	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__Nocardioides;s__unclassified Nocardioides species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Nocardioidaceae;g__unclassified Nocardioidaceae genus;s__unclassified Nocardioidaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__Microlunatus;s__unclassified Microlunatus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Propionibacteriales;f__Propionibacteriaceae;g__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Propionibacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Pseudonocardiales;f__Pseudonocardiaceae;g__Haloechinothrix;s__unclassified Haloechinothrix species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Pseudonocardiales;f__Pseudonocardiaceae;g__Saccharopolyspora;s__unclassified Saccharopolyspora species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Streptosporangiales;f__Streptosporangiaceae;g__unclassified Streptosporangiaceae genus;s__unclassified Streptosporangiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__Streptosporangiales;f__unclassified Streptosporangiales family;g__unclassified Streptosporangiales genus;s__unclassified Streptosporangiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Actinomycetes;o__unclassified Actinomycetes order;f__unclassified Actinomycetes family;g__unclassified Actinomycetes genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetes species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Nitriliruptoria;o__Nitriliruptorales;f__unclassified Nitriliruptorales family;g__unclassified Nitriliruptorales genus;s__unclassified Nitriliruptorales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Rubrobacteria;o__Gaiellales;f__unclassified Gaiellales family;g__unclassified Gaiellales genus;s__unclassified Gaiellales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Rubrobacteria;o__Rubrobacterales;f__Rubrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Rubrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Rubrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Solirubrobacterales;f__Conexibacteraceae;g__Conexibacter;s__unclassified Conexibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Solirubrobacterales;f__Conexibacteraceae;g__unclassified Conexibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Conexibacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Solirubrobacterales;f__Solirubrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Solirubrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Solirubrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Solirubrobacterales;f__unclassified Solirubrobacterales family;g__unclassified Solirubrobacterales genus;s__unclassified Solirubrobacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__Thermoleophilales;f__Thermoleophilaceae;g__unclassified Thermoleophilaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermoleophilaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__Thermoleophilia;o__unclassified Thermoleophilia order;f__unclassified Thermoleophilia family;g__unclassified Thermoleophilia genus;s__unclassified Thermoleophilia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Actinomycetota;c__unclassified Actinomycetota class;o__unclassified Actinomycetota order;f__unclassified Actinomycetota family;g__unclassified Actinomycetota genus;s__unclassified Actinomycetota species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Armatimonadota;c__Chthonomonadetes;o__Chthonomonadales;f__Chthonomonadaceae;g__unclassified Chthonomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Chthonomonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Armatimonadota;c__Chthonomonadetes;o__Chthonomonadales;f__unclassified Chthonomonadales family;g__unclassified Chthonomonadales genus;s__unclassified Chthonomonadales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Armatimonadota;c__Chthonomonadetes;o__unclassified Chthonomonadetes order;f__unclassified Chthonomonadetes family;g__unclassified Chthonomonadetes genus;s__unclassified Chthonomonadetes species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Armatimonadota;c__Fimbriimonadia;o__Fimbriimonadales;f__Fimbriimonadaceae;g__Fimbriimonas;s__unclassified Fimbriimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__Bacillus licheniformis	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Bacillus;s__unclassified Bacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Caldalkalibacillus;s__unclassified Caldalkalibacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Lentibacillus;s__unclassified Lentibacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__unclassified Bacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacillaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Bacillaceae;g__Virgibacillus;s__unclassified Virgibacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Brevibacillus;s__unclassified Brevibacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__Paenibacillus ihbetae	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__Paenibacillus;s__unclassified Paenibacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Paenibacillaceae;g__unclassified Paenibacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Paenibacillaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Staphylococcaceae;g__unclassified Staphylococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Staphylococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__Thermoactinomycetaceae;g__unclassified Thermoactinomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Thermoactinomycetaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Bacillales;f__unclassified Bacillales family;g__unclassified Bacillales genus;s__unclassified Bacillales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__Streptococcaceae;g__Streptococcus;s__unclassified Streptococcus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__Lactobacillales;f__unclassified Lactobacillales family;g__unclassified Lactobacillales genus;s__unclassified Lactobacillales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Bacilli;o__unclassified Bacilli order;f__unclassified Bacilli family;g__unclassified Bacilli genus;s__unclassified Bacilli species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Clostridium;s__unclassified Clostridium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__Hungatella;s__unclassified Hungatella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Clostridiaceae;g__unclassified Clostridiaceae genus;s__unclassified Clostridiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Gracilibacteraceae;g__unclassified Gracilibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Gracilibacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Lachnospiraceae;g__unclassified Lachnospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Lachnospiraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Mageeibacillus;s__unclassified Mageeibacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__Ruminococcus;s__unclassified Ruminococcus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Oscillospiraceae;g__unclassified Oscillospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Oscillospiraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptococcaceae;g__unclassified Peptococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Peptostreptococcaceae;g__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Peptostreptococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Symbiobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Symbiobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Symbiobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__Syntrophomonadaceae;g__Syntrophomonas;s__unclassified Syntrophomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Eubacteriales;f__unclassified Eubacteriales family;g__unclassified Eubacteriales genus;s__unclassified Eubacteriales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__Halanaerobiales;f__Halanaerobiaceae;g__unclassified Halanaerobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Halanaerobiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Clostridia;o__unclassified Clostridia order;f__unclassified Clostridia family;g__unclassified Clostridia genus;s__unclassified Clostridia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Coprobacillaceae;g__unclassified Coprobacillaceae genus;s__unclassified Coprobacillaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Erysipelotrichia;o__Erysipelotrichales;f__Erysipelotrichaceae;g__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Erysipelotrichaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Negativicutes;o__Selenomonadales;f__unclassified Selenomonadales family;g__unclassified Selenomonadales genus;s__unclassified Selenomonadales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacillota;c__Tissierellia;o__Tissierellales;f__unclassified Tissierellales family;g__unclassified Tissierellales genus;s__unclassified Tissierellales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Bacteroidaceae;g__Bacteroides;s__unclassified Bacteroides species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Dysgonomonadaceae;g__Proteiniphilum;s__unclassified Proteiniphilum species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__Odoribacter;s__unclassified Odoribacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Odoribacteraceae;g__unclassified Odoribacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Odoribacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Paludibacteraceae;g__Paludibacter;s__unclassified Paludibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Porphyromonadaceae;g__Lascolabacillus;s__unclassified Lascolabacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__Prevotellaceae;g__unclassified Prevotellaceae genus;s__unclassified Prevotellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Bacteroidales;f__unclassified Bacteroidales family;g__unclassified Bacteroidales genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__Marinilabiliales;f__Marinilabiliaceae;g__unclassified Marinilabiliaceae genus;s__unclassified Marinilabiliaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Bacteroidia;o__unclassified Bacteroidia order;f__unclassified Bacteroidia family;g__unclassified Bacteroidia genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Arachidicoccus;s__unclassified Arachidicoccus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Chitinophaga;s__unclassified Chitinophaga species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Ferruginibacter;s__unclassified Ferruginibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Flavisolibacter;s__unclassified Flavisolibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Niastella;s__unclassified Niastella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Parafilimonas;s__unclassified Parafilimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__Terrimonas;s__unclassified Terrimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__Chitinophagaceae;g__unclassified Chitinophagaceae genus;s__unclassified Chitinophagaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Chitinophagia;o__Chitinophagales;f__unclassified Chitinophagales family;g__unclassified Chitinophagales genus;s__unclassified Chitinophagales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cyclobacteriaceae;g__Cyclobacterium;s__unclassified Cyclobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cytophagaceae;g__Cytophaga;s__unclassified Cytophaga species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Cytophagaceae;g__unclassified Cytophagaceae genus;s__unclassified Cytophagaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Fulvivirgaceae;g__Chryseolinea;s__unclassified Chryseolinea species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Hymenobacteraceae;g__Hymenobacter;s__unclassified Hymenobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__Roseivirgaceae;g__unclassified Roseivirgaceae genus;s__unclassified Roseivirgaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Cytophagia;o__Cytophagales;f__unclassified Cytophagales family;g__unclassified Cytophagales genus;s__unclassified Cytophagales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Crocinitomicaceae;g__Fluviicola;s__unclassified Fluviicola species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Crocinitomicaceae;g__unclassified Crocinitomicaceae genus;s__unclassified Crocinitomicaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Aequorivita;s__unclassified Aequorivita species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__Flavobacterium johnsoniae	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Flavobacterium;s__unclassified Flavobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__Maribacter;s__unclassified Maribacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Flavobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__unclassified Flavobacteriales family;g__unclassified Flavobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Chryseobacterium;s__unclassified Chryseobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__Cloacibacterium;s__unclassified Cloacibacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__Flavobacteriales;f__Weeksellaceae;g__unclassified Weeksellaceae genus;s__unclassified Weeksellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Flavobacteriia;o__unclassified Flavobacteriia order;f__unclassified Flavobacteriia family;g__unclassified Flavobacteriia genus;s__unclassified Flavobacteriia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Saprospiria;o__Saprospirales;f__Lewinellaceae;g__unclassified Lewinellaceae genus;s__unclassified Lewinellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Mucilaginibacter;s__unclassified Mucilaginibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Olivibacter;s__unclassified Olivibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Parapedobacter;s__unclassified Parapedobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Pedobacter;s__unclassified Pedobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__Sphingobacterium;s__unclassified Sphingobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__Sphingobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Sphingobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Sphingobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__Sphingobacteriia;o__Sphingobacteriales;f__unclassified Sphingobacteriales family;g__unclassified Sphingobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Sphingobacteriales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__unclassified Bacteroidota class;o__unclassified Bacteroidota order;f__Rhodothermaceae;g__unclassified Rhodothermaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodothermaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bacteroidota;c__unclassified Bacteroidota class;o__unclassified Bacteroidota order;f__unclassified Bacteroidota family;g__unclassified Bacteroidota genus;s__unclassified Bacteroidota species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__Balneolales;f__Balneolaceae;g__Aliifodinibius;s__unclassified Aliifodinibius species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__Balneolales;f__Balneolaceae;g__unclassified Balneolaceae genus;s__unclassified Balneolaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Balneolota;c__Balneolia;o__unclassified Balneolia order;f__unclassified Balneolia family;g__unclassified Balneolia genus;s__unclassified Balneolia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bacteriovoracia;o__Bacteriovoracales;f__Bacteriovoracaceae;g__unclassified Bacteriovoracaceae genus;s__unclassified Bacteriovoracaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__Bdellovibrio;s__unclassified Bdellovibrio species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__Pseudobdellovibrionaceae;g__unclassified Pseudobdellovibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Pseudobdellovibrionaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Bdellovibrionota;c__Bdellovibrionia;o__Bdellovibrionales;f__unclassified Bdellovibrionales family;g__unclassified Bdellovibrionales genus;s__unclassified Bdellovibrionales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Campylobacterota;c__Epsilonproteobacteria;o__Campylobacterales;f__Sulfurovaceae;g__Sulfurovum;s__unclassified Sulfurovum species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__candidate division NC10;c__unclassified candidate division NC10 class;o__unclassified candidate division NC10 order;f__unclassified candidate division NC10 family;g__Candidatus Methylomirabilis;s__unclassified Candidatus Methylomirabilis species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Bipolaricaulota;c__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Bipolaricaulota species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Cloacimonetes;c__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes class;o__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes order;f__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes family;g__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Cloacimonetes species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Cryosericota;c__Candidatus Cryosericia;o__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Cryosericia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Dormibacteraeota;c__unclassified Candidatus Dormibacteraeota class;o__unclassified Candidatus Dormibacteraeota order;f__unclassified Candidatus Dormibacteraeota family;g__unclassified Candidatus Dormibacteraeota genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Dormibacteraeota species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Eisenbacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Eisenbacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Marinimicrobia;c__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia class;o__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Marinimicrobia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Melainabacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Melainabacteria class;o__Candidatus Obscuribacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Obscuribacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Obscuribacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Obscuribacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Melainabacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Melainabacteria class;o__Vampirovibrionales;f__unclassified Vampirovibrionales family;g__unclassified Vampirovibrionales genus;s__unclassified Vampirovibrionales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Melainabacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Melainabacteria class;o__Vampirovibrionales;f__unclassified Vampirovibrionales family;g__Vampirovibrio;s__unclassified Vampirovibrio species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Omnitrophica;c__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica class;o__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica order;f__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica family;g__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Omnitrophica species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__Candidatus Peribacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Peregrinibacteria;c__Candidatus Peribacteria;o__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Peribacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Rokubacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Rokubacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Rokubacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Rokubacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Rokubacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Rokubacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Nanosynbacterales;f__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Nanosynbacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__Candidatus Saccharimonadales;f__Candidatus Saccharimonadaceae;g__Candidatus Saccharimonas;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__Candidatus Saccharimonadia;o__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharimonadia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Candidatus Saccharibacteria;c__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria class;o__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria order;f__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria family;g__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Saccharibacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chlorobiota;c__Chlorobiia;o__Chlorobiales;f__Chlorobiaceae;g__unclassified Chlorobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Chlorobiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__Anaerolineaceae;g__Anaerolinea;s__unclassified Anaerolinea species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__Anaerolineaceae;g__unclassified Anaerolineaceae genus;s__unclassified Anaerolineaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Anaerolineae;o__Anaerolineales;f__unclassified Anaerolineales family;g__unclassified Anaerolineales genus;s__unclassified Anaerolineales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Chloroflexia;o__Chloroflexales;f__unclassified Chloroflexales family;g__unclassified Chloroflexales genus;s__unclassified Chloroflexales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Chloroflexia;o__unclassified Chloroflexia order;f__unclassified Chloroflexia family;g__unclassified Chloroflexia genus;s__unclassified Chloroflexia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Dehalococcoidia;o__Dehalococcoidales;f__Dehalococcoidaceae;g__unclassified Dehalococcoidaceae genus;s__unclassified Dehalococcoidaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Dehalococcoidia;o__unclassified Dehalococcoidia order;f__unclassified Dehalococcoidia family;g__unclassified Dehalococcoidia genus;s__unclassified Dehalococcoidia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Ktedonobacteria;o__Ktedonobacterales;f__Dictyobacteraceae;g__unclassified Dictyobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Dictyobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Ktedonobacteria;o__Ktedonobacterales;f__Ktedonobacteraceae;g__Ktedonobacter;s__unclassified Ktedonobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chloroflexota;c__Ktedonobacteria;o__Thermogemmatisporales;f__unclassified Thermogemmatisporales family;g__unclassified Thermogemmatisporales genus;s__unclassified Thermogemmatisporales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chrysiogenota;c__Chrysiogenetes;o__Chrysiogenales;f__unclassified Chrysiogenales family;g__unclassified Chrysiogenales genus;s__unclassified Chrysiogenales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Chrysiogenota;c__Chrysiogenetes;o__unclassified Chrysiogenetes order;f__unclassified Chrysiogenetes family;g__unclassified Chrysiogenetes genus;s__unclassified Chrysiogenetes species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Chroococcales;f__Aphanothecaceae;g__Aphanothece;s__unclassified Aphanothece species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Nostocales;f__Nostocaceae;g__unclassified Nostocaceae genus;s__unclassified Nostocaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Nostocales;f__unclassified Nostocales family;g__unclassified Nostocales genus;s__unclassified Nostocales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Microcoleaceae;g__Microcoleus;s__unclassified Microcoleus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Oscillatoriales;f__Microcoleaceae;g__Tychonema;s__unclassified Tychonema species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__Phormidesmis;s__unclassified Phormidesmis species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Leptolyngbyaceae;g__unclassified Leptolyngbyaceae genus;s__unclassified Leptolyngbyaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__Pseudanabaenales;f__Pseudanabaenaceae;g__Pseudanabaena;s__unclassified Pseudanabaena species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Cyanobacteriota;c__Cyanophyceae;o__unclassified Cyanophyceae order;f__unclassified Cyanophyceae family;g__unclassified Cyanophyceae genus;s__unclassified Cyanophyceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Deinococcales;f__Deinococcaceae;g__Deinococcus;s__unclassified Deinococcus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Deinococcales;f__Deinococcaceae;g__unclassified Deinococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Deinococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Deinococcota;c__Deinococci;o__Thermales;f__unclassified Thermales family;g__unclassified Thermales genus;s__unclassified Thermales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Elusimicrobiota;c__Elusimicrobia;o__unclassified Elusimicrobia order;f__unclassified Elusimicrobia family;g__unclassified Elusimicrobia genus;s__unclassified Elusimicrobia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Chitinispirillia;o__Chitinispirillales;f__unclassified Chitinispirillales family;g__unclassified Chitinispirillales genus;s__unclassified Chitinispirillales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Fibrobacteria;o__Fibrobacterales;f__Fibrobacteraceae;g__Fibrobacter;s__unclassified Fibrobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Fibrobacteria;o__Fibrobacterales;f__Fibrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Fibrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Fibrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Fibrobacterota;c__Fibrobacteria;o__unclassified Fibrobacteria order;f__unclassified Fibrobacteria family;g__unclassified Fibrobacteria genus;s__unclassified Fibrobacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__Gemmatimonadaceae;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__Gemmatimonadales;f__unclassified Gemmatimonadales family;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadales genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Gemmatimonadota;c__Gemmatimonadetes;o__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes order;f__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes family;g__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes genus;s__unclassified Gemmatimonadetes species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Ignavibacteriota;c__Ignavibacteria;o__Ignavibacteriales;f__unclassified Ignavibacteriales family;g__unclassified Ignavibacteriales genus;s__unclassified Ignavibacteriales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Kiritimatiellota;c__Kiritimatiellia;o__Kiritimatiellales;f__unclassified Kiritimatiellales family;g__unclassified Kiritimatiellales genus;s__unclassified Kiritimatiellales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Acholeplasmatales;f__Acholeplasmataceae;g__Acholeplasma;s__unclassified Acholeplasma species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Mycoplasmatota;c__Mollicutes;o__Acholeplasmatales;f__Acholeplasmataceae;g__unclassified Acholeplasmataceae genus;s__unclassified Acholeplasmataceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Myxococcaceae;g__Myxococcus;s__unclassified Myxococcus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__Myxococcaceae;g__unclassified Myxococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Myxococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__Myxococcia;o__Myxococcales;f__unclassified Myxococcales family;g__unclassified Myxococcales genus;s__unclassified Myxococcales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Myxococcota;c__unclassified Myxococcota class;o__Polyangiales;f__Polyangiaceae;g__unclassified Polyangiaceae genus;s__unclassified Polyangiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__Nitrospirales;f__Nitrospiraceae;g__Nitrospira;s__unclassified Nitrospira species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__Nitrospirales;f__Nitrospiraceae;g__unclassified Nitrospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Nitrospiraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__Nitrospirales;f__unclassified Nitrospirales family;g__unclassified Nitrospirales genus;s__unclassified Nitrospirales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Nitrospirota;c__Nitrospiria;o__unclassified Nitrospiria order;f__unclassified Nitrospiria family;g__unclassified Nitrospiria genus;s__unclassified Nitrospiria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Candidatus Brocadiia;o__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia order;f__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia family;g__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Brocadiia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__Phycisphaerales;f__Phycisphaeraceae;g__unclassified Phycisphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Phycisphaeraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Phycisphaerae;o__unclassified Phycisphaerae order;f__unclassified Phycisphaerae family;g__unclassified Phycisphaerae genus;s__unclassified Phycisphaerae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Gemmatales;f__Gemmataceae;g__Gemmata;s__unclassified Gemmata species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Gemmatales;f__Gemmataceae;g__unclassified Gemmataceae genus;s__unclassified Gemmataceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Isosphaerales;f__Isosphaeraceae;g__unclassified Isosphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Isosphaeraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__Pirellulaceae;g__Rhodopirellula;s__unclassified Rhodopirellula species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__Pirellulaceae;g__unclassified Pirellulaceae genus;s__unclassified Pirellulaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Pirellulales;f__unclassified Pirellulales family;g__unclassified Pirellulales genus;s__unclassified Pirellulales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__Planctomycetaceae;g__Planctomicrobium;s__unclassified Planctomicrobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__Planctomycetaceae;g__unclassified Planctomycetaceae genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Planctomycetota;c__Planctomycetia;o__Planctomycetales;f__unclassified Planctomycetales family;g__unclassified Planctomycetales genus;s__unclassified Planctomycetales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__Caulobacter;s__unclassified Caulobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Caulobacterales;f__Caulobacteraceae;g__unclassified Caulobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Caulobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Beijerinckiaceae;g__Rhodoblastus;s__unclassified Rhodoblastus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Brucellaceae;g__Ochrobactrum;s__unclassified Ochrobactrum species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Devosiaceae;g__Devosia;s__unclassified Devosia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Devosiaceae;g__unclassified Devosiaceae genus;s__unclassified Devosiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Hyphomicrobiaceae;g__Rhodoplanes;s__unclassified Rhodoplanes species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Hyphomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Hyphomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Hyphomicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Methylobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Methylocystaceae;g__Methylopila;s__unclassified Methylopila species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Bradyrhizobium;s__unclassified Bradyrhizobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__Rhodopseudomonas;s__unclassified Rhodopseudomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Nitrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Nitrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Nitrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__Agrobacterium;s__unclassified Agrobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__Rhizobiaceae;g__unclassified Rhizobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhizobiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomicrobiales;f__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Hyphomicrobiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Hyphomonadales;f__Hyphomonadaceae;g__unclassified Hyphomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Hyphomonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Pelagibacterales;f__unclassified Pelagibacterales family;g__Candidatus Fonsibacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Fonsibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Boseongicola;s__unclassified Boseongicola species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Paracoccaceae;g__Tabrizicola;s__unclassified Tabrizicola species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodobacterales;f__Roseobacteraceae;g__unclassified Roseobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Roseobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__Roseomonas;s__unclassified Roseomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Acetobacteraceae;g__unclassified Acetobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Acetobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Kiloniellaceae;g__unclassified Kiloniellaceae genus;s__unclassified Kiloniellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__Rhodospirillaceae;g__unclassified Rhodospirillaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodospirillaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rhodospirillales;f__unclassified Rhodospirillales family;g__unclassified Rhodospirillales genus;s__unclassified Rhodospirillales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Rickettsiales;f__Rickettsiaceae;g__Rickettsia;s__unclassified Rickettsia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Novosphingobium;s__unclassified Novosphingobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingobium;s__unclassified Sphingobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingomonas;s__unclassified Sphingomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingopyxis;s__unclassified Sphingopyxis species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__Sphingosinithalassobacter;s__unclassified Sphingosinithalassobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__Sphingomonadaceae;g__unclassified Sphingomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Sphingomonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__Sphingomonadales;f__unclassified Sphingomonadales family;g__unclassified Sphingomonadales genus;s__unclassified Sphingomonadales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Alphaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Alphaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Achromobacter;s__Achromobacter denitrificans	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Achromobacter;s__unclassified Achromobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Candidimonas;s__unclassified Candidimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Alcaligenaceae;g__Pusillimonas;s__unclassified Pusillimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Caballeronia;s__unclassified Caballeronia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__Limnobacter;s__unclassified Limnobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Burkholderiaceae;g__unclassified Burkholderiaceae genus;s__unclassified Burkholderiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Comamonas;s__Comamonas terrigena	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Curvibacter;s__unclassified Curvibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Polaromonas;s__unclassified Polaromonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Ramlibacter;s__unclassified Ramlibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Rhodoferax;s__unclassified Rhodoferax species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Variovorax;s__unclassified Variovorax species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Comamonadaceae;g__Variovorax;s__Variovorax boronicumulans	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Herbaspirillum;s__unclassified Herbaspirillum species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Herminiimonas;s__unclassified Herminiimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Janthinobacterium;s__unclassified Janthinobacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Massilia;s__Massilia varians	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Massilia;s__unclassified Massilia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Pseudoduganella;s__unclassified Pseudoduganella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__Oxalobacteraceae;g__Rugamonas;s__unclassified Rugamonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Aquabacterium;s__unclassified Aquabacterium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Burkholderiales;f__unclassified Burkholderiales family;g__Rhizobacter;s__unclassified Rhizobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Chromobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Chromobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Chromobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Neisseriales;f__Neisseriaceae;g__unclassified Neisseriaceae genus;s__unclassified Neisseriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Gallionellaceae;g__Gallionella;s__unclassified Gallionella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Gallionellaceae;g__unclassified Gallionellaceae genus;s__unclassified Gallionellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__Methylobacillus;s__unclassified Methylobacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__Methylotenera;s__unclassified Methylotenera species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Methylophilaceae;g__unclassified Methylophilaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylophilaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Nitrosomonadaceae;g__Nitrosovibrio;s__unclassified Nitrosovibrio species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Nitrosomonadales;f__Thiobacillaceae;g__Thiobacillus;s__unclassified Thiobacillus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Rhodocyclales;f__Rhodocyclaceae;g__unclassified Rhodocyclaceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodocyclaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Betaproteobacteria;o__Rhodocyclales;f__Zoogloeaceae;g__Thauera;s__unclassified Thauera species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Acidiferrobacterales;f__Acidiferrobacteraceae;g__unclassified Acidiferrobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Acidiferrobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Alteromonadaceae;g__unclassified Alteromonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Alteromonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Alteromonadales;f__Idiomarinaceae;g__Idiomarina;s__unclassified Idiomarina species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Cellvibrionaceae;g__Marinimicrobium;s__unclassified Marinimicrobium species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Cellvibrionaceae;g__Saccharophagus;s__unclassified Saccharophagus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Cellvibrionaceae;g__unclassified Cellvibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Cellvibrionaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Porticoccaceae;g__unclassified Porticoccaceae genus;s__unclassified Porticoccaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Cellvibrionales;f__Spongiibacteraceae;g__unclassified Spongiibacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Spongiibacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Ectothiorhodospiraceae;g__unclassified Ectothiorhodospiraceae genus;s__unclassified Ectothiorhodospiraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__unclassified Chromatiales family;g__unclassified Chromatiales genus;s__unclassified Chromatiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Wenzhouxiangellaceae;g__unclassified Wenzhouxiangellaceae genus;s__unclassified Wenzhouxiangellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Wenzhouxiangellaceae;g__Wenzhouxiangella;s__unclassified Wenzhouxiangella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Chromatiales;f__Woeseiaceae;g__unclassified Woeseiaceae genus;s__unclassified Woeseiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Buttiauxella;s__Buttiauxella agrestis	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Citrobacter;s__unclassified Citrobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Enterobacter;s__Enterobacter mori	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Enterobacter;s__unclassified Enterobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Leclercia;s__Leclercia adecarboxylata	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Leclercia;s__unclassified Leclercia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__Pluralibacter;s__unclassified Pluralibacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Enterobacteriaceae;g__unclassified Enterobacteriaceae genus;s__unclassified Enterobacteriaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Erwiniaceae;g__Pantoea;s__unclassified Pantoea species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__unclassified Enterobacterales family;g__unclassified Enterobacterales genus;s__unclassified Enterobacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Enterobacterales;f__Yersiniaceae;g__Serratia;s__unclassified Serratia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Legionellales;f__Coxiellaceae;g__unclassified Coxiellaceae genus;s__unclassified Coxiellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__Methylococcaceae;g__Methylobacter;s__unclassified Methylobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Methylococcales;f__Methylococcaceae;g__unclassified Methylococcaceae genus;s__unclassified Methylococcaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__Acinetobacter;s__unclassified Acinetobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Moraxellales;f__Moraxellaceae;g__unclassified Moraxellaceae genus;s__unclassified Moraxellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Nevskiales;f__Steroidobacteraceae;g__Steroidobacter;s__unclassified Steroidobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Nevskiales;f__unclassified Nevskiales family;g__unclassified Nevskiales genus;s__unclassified Nevskiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Alcanivoracaceae;g__Alcanivorax;s__unclassified Alcanivorax species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Alcanivoracaceae;g__unclassified Alcanivoracaceae genus;s__unclassified Alcanivoracaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Oceanospirillales;f__Halomonadaceae;g__Halomonas;s__unclassified Halomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pasteurellales;f__Pasteurellaceae;g__unclassified Pasteurellaceae genus;s__unclassified Pasteurellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Marinobacteraceae;g__Marinobacter;s__unclassified Marinobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Denitrificimonas;s__Denitrificimonas caeni	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Halopseudomonas;s__Halopseudomonas formosensis	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__Pseudomonas putida	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Pseudomonas;s__unclassified Pseudomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__Pseudomonadaceae;g__Thiopseudomonas;s__unclassified Thiopseudomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Pseudomonadales;f__unclassified Pseudomonadales family;g__unclassified Pseudomonadales genus;s__unclassified Pseudomonadales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Salinisphaerales;f__Salinisphaeraceae;g__unclassified Salinisphaeraceae genus;s__unclassified Salinisphaeraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Francisellaceae;g__unclassified Francisellaceae genus;s__unclassified Francisellaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__Thiotrichaceae;g__unclassified Thiotrichaceae genus;s__unclassified Thiotrichaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Thiotrichales;f__unclassified Thiotrichales family;g__unclassified Thiotrichales genus;s__unclassified Thiotrichales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Gammaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Rhodanobacteraceae;g__Dokdonella;s__unclassified Dokdonella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Rhodanobacteraceae;g__Rhodanobacter;s__unclassified Rhodanobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Rhodanobacteraceae;g__unclassified Rhodanobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Rhodanobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Luteimonas;s__unclassified Luteimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Pseudoxanthomonas;s__unclassified Pseudoxanthomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__Stenotrophomonas;s__unclassified Stenotrophomonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Pseudomonadota;c__Gammaproteobacteria;o__Xanthomonadales;f__Xanthomonadaceae;g__unclassified Xanthomonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Xanthomonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Brevinematales;f__unclassified Brevinematales family;g__unclassified Brevinematales genus;s__unclassified Brevinematales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__Spirochaetales;f__Spirochaetaceae;g__unclassified Spirochaetaceae genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Spirochaetota;c__Spirochaetia;o__unclassified Spirochaetia order;f__unclassified Spirochaetia family;g__unclassified Spirochaetia genus;s__unclassified Spirochaetia species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Synergistota;c__Synergistia;o__Synergistales;f__unclassified Synergistales family;g__unclassified Synergistales genus;s__unclassified Synergistales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__Desulfobacteraceae;g__Desulfobacter;s__unclassified Desulfobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__Desulfobacteraceae;g__unclassified Desulfobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobacteria;o__Desulfobacterales;f__unclassified Desulfobacterales family;g__unclassified Desulfobacterales genus;s__unclassified Desulfobacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobulbia;o__Desulfobulbales;f__Desulfobulbaceae;g__unclassified Desulfobulbaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfobulbaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfobulbia;o__Desulfobulbales;f__Desulfocapsaceae;g__Desulfotalea;s__unclassified Desulfotalea species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfovibrionia;o__Desulfovibrionales;f__Desulfovibrionaceae;g__unclassified Desulfovibrionaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfovibrionaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Desulfuromonadales;f__Desulfuromonadaceae;g__unclassified Desulfuromonadaceae genus;s__unclassified Desulfuromonadaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Desulfuromonadales;f__unclassified Desulfuromonadales family;g__unclassified Desulfuromonadales genus;s__unclassified Desulfuromonadales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Desulfuromonadia;o__Geobacterales;f__Geobacteraceae;g__unclassified Geobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Geobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophia;o__Syntrophales;f__Smithellaceae;g__Smithella;s__unclassified Smithella species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophia;o__Syntrophales;f__Syntrophaceae;g__Syntrophus;s__unclassified Syntrophus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophia;o__Syntrophales;f__Syntrophaceae;g__unclassified Syntrophaceae genus;s__unclassified Syntrophaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophobacteria;o__Syntrophobacterales;f__Syntrophobacteraceae;g__unclassified Syntrophobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Syntrophobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophobacteria;o__Syntrophobacterales;f__unclassified Syntrophobacterales family;g__unclassified Syntrophobacterales genus;s__unclassified Syntrophobacterales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Syntrophorhabdia;o__Syntrophorhabdales;f__Syntrophorhabdaceae;g__unclassified Syntrophorhabdaceae genus;s__unclassified Syntrophorhabdaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermodesulfobacteriota;c__Thermodesulfobacteria;o__Thermodesulfobacteriales;f__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriales family;g__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriales genus;s__unclassified Thermodesulfobacteriales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermomicrobiota;c__Thermomicrobia;o__Sphaerobacterales;f__Sphaerobacteraceae;g__unclassified Sphaerobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Sphaerobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermomicrobiota;c__Thermomicrobia;o__Thermomicrobiales;f__unclassified Thermomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Thermomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Thermomicrobiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Thermotogota;c__Thermotogae;o__unclassified Thermotogae order;f__unclassified Thermotogae family;g__unclassified Thermotogae genus;s__unclassified Thermotogae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Candidatus Babeliae;o__Candidatus Babeliales;f__Candidatus Babeliaceae;g__unclassified Candidatus Babeliaceae genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Babeliaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Candidatus Babeliae;o__Candidatus Babeliales;f__unclassified Candidatus Babeliales family;g__unclassified Candidatus Babeliales genus;s__unclassified Candidatus Babeliales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__Deltaproteobacteria;o__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria order;f__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria family;g__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria genus;s__unclassified Deltaproteobacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__unclassified Bacteria phylum;c__unclassified Bacteria class;o__unclassified Bacteria order;f__unclassified Bacteria family;g__unclassified Bacteria genus;s__unclassified Bacteria species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Opitutales;f__Opitutaceae;g__Opitutus;s__unclassified Opitutus species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Opitutales;f__Opitutaceae;g__unclassified Opitutaceae genus;s__unclassified Opitutaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Opitutae;o__Puniceicoccales;f__unclassified Puniceicoccales family;g__unclassified Puniceicoccales genus;s__unclassified Puniceicoccales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Spartobacteria;o__Chthoniobacterales;f__Chthoniobacteraceae;g__unclassified Chthoniobacteraceae genus;s__unclassified Chthoniobacteraceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Spartobacteria;o__unclassified Spartobacteria order;f__unclassified Spartobacteria family;g__Candidatus Xiphinematobacter;s__unclassified Candidatus Xiphinematobacter species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Terrimicrobiia;o__Terrimicrobiales;f__unclassified Terrimicrobiales family;g__unclassified Terrimicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Terrimicrobiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota class;o__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota order;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota family;g__Lentimonas;s__unclassified Lentimonas species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota class;o__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota order;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota family;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiota species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales family;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiales species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobiaceae;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobiaceae genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobiaceae species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3;g__Pedosphaera;s__unclassified Pedosphaera species	Bacteria
soil	k__Bacteria;p__Verrucomicrobiota;c__Verrucomicrobiae;o__Verrucomicrobiales;f__Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3;g__unclassified Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3 genus;s__unclassified Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3 species	Bacteria
